Dec 2014 revision

Anastasia -  (Cinderella)

Sweeping, sweeping, sweeping.  Ever since Cinders left I'm always sweeping.  

I'm Anastasia, I'm Cinderella's .. ug .... ug.... ug...  ugly..

NO!

less attractive step sister. 

Happy now?

Les attractive, that's as far as I'm willing to go.

This place is a pigsty. No matter how much I sweep, dust blows in the door, 
mice run about.  

At my home I'm always besieged by tourists.  Yes! Tourists.  

You know what they want?  they want to see the childhood home of "Queen 
Cinders" ... I suppose one should say Queen Ella.  And no, we never called her 
“Cinderella” as the tabloids say.  We called her Cinders .. because she was 
always sooty.  Came from forever huddling near the fire.

I know what you are thinking .. absolutely no resemblance between the two of 
us.  I'm a big woman, I was a big girl ..... wide,  tall, just like my sister 
and my mother.  We're a big family, and we aren't ashamed of it.  And remember, 
Cinders, dainty, tiny Cinders was a step sister .. her father married my mother 
.. we aren't related by blood .. Oil and water, people from two different 
planets ... 

Just around the time of the marriage, the magazines wanted to do one of those 
stories about our place ... "the horrid hovel where our poor, precious princess 
spent her youthful years" .. but Cinders was never keen to show how low her 
roots were .. young Prince Charming might have changed his mind. He was always 
flighty ..   He fell "desperately in love" over a few dances and after a lot of 
champagne. You don't exactly get a lot of talking done on the dance floor.

"Yes, yes, yes"  I always say . "This is the kitchen where our "poor queen" 
huddled near the fire, that's her tiny stool .. all very touching."

But I'll tell you, it wasn't so touching when we were teens, when we were 
growing up.  Cinders was always full of pique ... she didn't HAVE to sleep in 
the fireplace.  She didn't like to climb the stairs, not with her misshapen 
feet .. and this damn house has always been cold.   It was because we were 
paying for her orthopaedic shoes that there wasn't enough coal in the winter.

You didn't know she wore orthopaedic shoes?

Well, how do you think Mr. Charming found the right girl with that glass 
slipper?  There are plenty of women with size 5 1/2 feet in this kingdom.   
Those glass slippers were made to fit Cinders' feet .. and that means they 
would fit no one else - her feet have a very particular shape.  NOT attractive 
at all.  Ugly, in fact.

It was a problem from birth ... she doesn't like to talk about it ... she 
doesn't like us to talk about it either.

No, it was always Cinders, with her consumptive chest and her weird shaped 
feet, and her allergies. My god the girl had allergies. Couldn't eat potatoes, 
couldn't eat bread, couldn't eat turnips, or porridge. The girl couldn't eat 
anything that was cheap and kept on the weight in the winter. That's why she 
was so slender. The place was cold, and she never ate anything. Liked 
strawberries, though. Used to whine for them, constantly.   I hear she has 
chocolate dipped strawberries for breakfast every morning and I notice that her 
clothes aren't exactly falling off her these days. Oh well, we're all not as 
young as we were.

Mother tried, she really did. Especially just after Cinder's dad died.
Cinders' father .. he was something.  He SAID he had money, and I suppose he 
did, but he also liked a good drink, and once he moved into mother's house, he 
could sell his own and drink away all the profits. Every notice how Cinders 
refers to her "poor dead father ... gone before his time" but doesn't say how 
he died? Personally I think it was cirrhosis of the liver.  At the time it was 
all we could do to deal with his debts, we didn't enquire too closely. 

After he'd gone we had his debts and his whinging daughter. Drucella and I knew 
what she was going through. She wasn't the only one who lost a father in her 
young life ... but she was always the drama queen. No one had a father like 
her; no one had ever suffered as she suffered.  And being so tiny and slender 
the “waif look” suited her.  That girl could look coy and enticing in a 
burlap sack.  Sometimes I think she went out of her way to look forlorn and 
kittenish so the neighbours would feel sorry for her.  

What really hurts is how she treated mother after the marriage. Oh we were 
invited to the wedding, but were seated as far back as possible. I know she 
arranged that Drucella and I were to be kept off the dance floor.  You would 
have thought that someone would have asked the queen to be's sisters to dance. 
But no, Drucella and I sat there all evening, at the edge of the dance floor, 
with smiles pasted to our faces.  Everyone passed us by without even a look.  
It was humiliating. 

And since the wedding ... one invite to the castle a year. It got to be that 
mother didn't want to show her face in the neighbourhood.

When the old king died it was the last straw.  We attended the coronation 
though we were in the very back,.  had to stand.  Not even a stool for poor 
mother.  We watched a triumphant Cinders get crowned.  She was already getting 
porky back then, but she had a marvellous designer for her coronation 
dress..... those gems were sewn ever so cunningly to give her a more vertical 
line.

Anyway, she receivee the crown, then turned to wave at the crowd. And she 
locked eyes with me.  Of all the people in that place, she sought out me.  Then 
Drucilla, then mother.  She stared at each of us ... with enmity, with malice.  
 And we knew she was never going to let things settle between us. (She had to 
show us that she'd made it, that she was better than us, and that she would be 
showing us over and over and over.)???

The next day Drucella and Mother packed up and went on an extended "tour" of 
watering places. They've never been back.

I'm made of sterner stuff. I go about my business, completely ignore the fact 
that the queen is my step sister. I let things slide.

But I've won. Because I'm always on her mind. All I have to do is emerge from 
the house for a few days wearing something shabby and a bundle of clothes 
appear. Our gracious queen, who has become increasingly less popular, along 
with her dim husband, can't afford to have the tabloids write about the queen's 
sister in dire need.

So I get these parcels. Clothes that are good, but not too good. Money enough 
for my wants. I'm always on her mind.

But really, I seldom, if ever think of her .... 

hardly ever ....



