Anastasia -  (Cinderella)

Well, don't just stand there, gawking through the open door ... if you want to 
see the place come in.  That's right, come in.  Come in and sit down.  I have 
nothing to hide.  Tourists,  you must be tourists

Happy?  Well, this is it; this is the childhood home of "Queen Cinders" ... I 
suppose one should say Queen Ella.  And no, we never called her 
“Cinderella” as the tabloids say.  We called her Cinders .. because she was 
always sooty.  Came from forever huddling near the fire.

I know what you are thinking .. absolutely no resemblance between the two of 
us.  I'm a big woman, I was a big girl ..... wide,  tall, just like my sister 
and my mother.  We're a big family, and we aren't ashamed of it.  And remember, 
Cinders, dainty, tiny Cinders was a step sister .. her father married my mother 
.. we aren't related by blood .. Oil and water, people from two different 
planets ... 

Just around the time of the marriage, the magazines wanted to do one of those 
special editions about our place ... "the horrid hovel where our poor, precious 
princess spent her youthful years" .. one of those pity party articles .. but 
Cinders was never keen to show how low her roots were .. young Prince Charming 
might have changed his little mind. He was always flighty .. I mean he fell 
"desperately in love" over a few dances and after a lot of champagne. You don't 
exactly get a lot of talking done on the dance floor.

Yes, yes, yes. This is the kitchen where our "poor queen" huddled near the 
fire, that's her tiny stool .. all very touching.

But I'll tell you, it wasn't so touching when we were teens, when we were 
growing up.  Cinders was always full of pique ... she didn't HAVE to sleep in 
the fireplace.  She didn't like to climb the stairs with her misshapen feet .. 
and this damn house has always been cold.   It's not well insulated but it was 
because we were paying for her orthopaedic shoes that there wasn't enough coal 
in the winter.

You didn't know she wore orthopaedic shoes?

Well, how do you think Mr. Charming found the right girl with that glass 
slipper? You don't think there are plenty of women with size 5 1/2 feet in this 
kingdom?   Believe me, there are lots .. but those particular glass slippers 
were made to fit Cinders' feet .. and that means they would fit no one else.

It was a problem from birth ... she doesn't like to talk about .. actually she 
doesn't like us to talk about it either.

No, it was always Cinders, with her consumptive chest and her weird shaped 
feet, and her allergies. My god the girl had allergies. Couldn't eat potatoes, 
couldn't eat bread, couldn't eat turnips, or porridge. The girl couldn't eat 
anything that was cheap and kept on the weight in the winter. That's why she 
was so slender. The place was cold, and she never ate anything. Liked 
strawberries, though. Used to whine for them, constantly.. "I can't EAT this! 
Why can't you get some strawberries. If my father were alive HE would get me 
strawberries." I hear she has chocolate dipped strawberries for breakfast every 
morning and I notice that her clothes aren't exactly falling off her these 
days. Oh well, we're all not as young as we were.

Mother tried, she really did. Especially just after Cinder's dad died, DON'T 
get me started on that. I've sometimes suspected he married mother just to 
ensure a home for his precious daughter. 

He SAID he had money, and I suppose he did, but he also liked a good drink, and 
once he moved into mother's house, he could sell his own and drink away all the 
profits. Every notice how Cinders refers to her "poor dead father ... gone 
before his time" but doesn't say how he died? Personally I think it was 
cirrhosis of the liver, but at the time it was all we could do to deal with his 
debts, we didn't enquire too closely. 

After he'd gone we had his debts and his whinging daughter. Drucella and I knew 
what she was going through. She wasn't the only one who lost a father in her 
young life ... but she was always the drama queen. No one had a father like 
her; no one had ever suffered as she suffered.  And being so tiny and slender 
the “waif look” suited her.  That girl could look coy and enticing in a 
burlap sack.  Sometimes I think she went out of her way to look forlorn and 
kittenish so the neighbours would feel sorry for her.  


What really hurts is how she treated mother after the marriage. Oh we were 
invited to the wedding, but were seated as far back as possible. I believe she 
arranged that Drucella and I were to be kept off the dance floor at the 
reception .... I mean, you'd have thought that someone would have asked the 
queen to be's sisters to dance. But no, Drucella and I sat there all evening, 
at the edge of the dance floor, with sickly smiles pasted to our faces.  
Everyone passed us by without even a look.  It was humiliating. 

And since the wedding ... one invite to the castle a year. It got to be that 
mother didn't want to show her face in the neighbourhood.

"So, Mrs. Reece, your step daughter had another grand reception to open the 
season this year.  Pity you weren't invited.”

"Didn't your step daughter look stunning at last week's masquerade, Mrs. Reece? 
 I read all about it in the Enquirer.  What was your costume?  Oh you weren't 
invited to attend? So strange that."

When the old king died it was the last straw.  We attended the coronation 
though we were in the very back, not  in the bench section but having to stand. 
 Not even a stool for poor mother.  We watched a triumphant Cinders get 
crowned.  She was already getting porky back then, but she had a marvellous 
designer ..... did you notice how those gems were sewn ever so cunningly to 
give her a more vertical line?

Anyway, she kneeled to receive the crown, then got up, and turned to wave at 
the crowd. And she locked eyes with me.  Of all the people in that place, she 
sought out me.  Then Drucilla, then mother.  She stared at each of us ... with 
enmity, with malice.   And we knew she was never going to let things settle 
between us. She had to show us that she'd made it, that she was better than us, 
and that she would be showing us over and over and over.

The next day Drucella and Mother packed up and went on an extended "tour" of 
watering places. They've never been back.

I'm made of sterner stuff. I go about my business, and completely ignore the 
fact that the queen is my step sister. I let things slide.

But I've won, you know. Because I'm always on her mind. All I have to do is 
emerge from the house for a few days wearing something shabby and a bundle of 
clothes appear. Our gracious queen, who has, become increasingly less popular, 
along with her dim husband, can't afford to have the tabloids write about the 
queen's sister in dire need.

So I get these parcels. Clothes that are good, but not too good. Money enough 
for my wants. I'm always on her mind.

But really, I seldom, if ever think of her .... 

hardly ever ....



