Brangomar  (Snow White) revised December 2014

Brangomar - Queen of the talking mirror, and the best of step mothers. Ask Snow 
White, she''ll tell you.  I was the best

(beat)   

Okay, okay, maybe that story has a glimmer of truth in it.  I'll admit that.  
I'll even concede that I may have devised a way to get Snow White out of the 
palace for a bit.  But wicked?  Oh come on.

You try to live with all that sickly sweetness.  It may be charming at first 
.....but after a while ..... you just want to wipe that smile off her face.  
You want a tiny snit, a bit of a sulk, or even peevish, resentful adolescent 
silence, if only for a minute.

I remember her as a 3 year old;  I think that's how old she was when I married 
her father.  Three.  

“What I delightful little girl”, I recall thinking  ''that coal black hair, 
that snow white skin, she's going to be a looker.''  

And she was beguiling, as she ran around in her little pink princess frocks and 
her lacy white socks and her Mary Janes.   Always smiling; always singing.  

In a child those are lovely traits.  

It was when she became a teen that I started to worry about her.  No bad skin, 
no mood swings, no temper .. just those damn frilly frocks and a tendency to 
dance her way around the palace – as if she were sprinkling fairy dust on 
everyone she met.  Even the servants kept their distance when they could … 
someone that perpetually cheerful tends to look mad. 

I'm not vain, you know, not like the story says.  And it's not as if I am the 
only one in the kingdom with a talking mirror.  It's just one of those strange 
phenomenons which pop up from time to time in magical kingdoms.

Legend has it some wizard's apprentice, long ago, was trying to energize a 
broomstick, and the spell ricocheted off a stone and fell into a mirror.  As 
you know, all mirrors are interconnected, so when one started to babble they 
all learned to chatter.  It took them some years to learn how to talk properly 
.... but now, you have a mirror in this kingdom, it speaks … and you would be 
wise to keep on its good side.

But that's another matter.

I was a looker when I married the king, I really was.  I'm sure you can see 
that.  But I'm getting older and I work hard to keep fit.  An hour a day in the 
gym, day in and day out. No exceptions.   My mirror and I have a kind of 
routine we go through.  At the end of each session, when I​'m hot and sweaty 
and all my muscles are screaming I lean over and mutter ''mirror, mirror, on 
the wall, who's the fairest of them all?''

and depending on his whim, the mirror gives me a sweet or smart ass reply.  We 
go back a long way, my mirror and I, we understand each other.

So it's completely false that I was angry when the mirror answered ''Snow 
White'' one spring morning.  Hell, if I were angry about that I'd be sending 
hit men after Cher, Madonna, and the little gal who runs the doughnut shop at 
the edge of town.

But I do admit that Snow White did get on my nerves.  While my mirror and I 
were working out, Snow White was sitting in front of hers and the two of them 
were singing duets.  All it needed was an adorable mouse or cricket to join 
them for a truly gag making moment.  Once Mr. Bluebird is sitting and singing 
on a shoulder there is no recourse short of a flame thrower.

I never asked a woodsman to take her to the forest and kill her.  But it was a 
nice spring morning and I thought it would do her good to have a bit of a scare.

''Take her into the woods and lose her for a while'' I told him.  ''Let her see 
what it's like to be cold, lost and hungry for a day''.

I never dreamed that the little miss would immediately be rescued by some 
dwarfs.  

But, hey, that didn't seem to be so awful either.  I mean, dwarfs have a bit of 
a reputation, you know.   I thought it might do her good to be shacked up with 
a bunch of randy little men for a bit. At the very least they would expect her 
to cook and clean, and, I mused, provide a bit of the rumpy bumpy as well.

But no.  Sweet Snow White landed in a cottage with seven apparently asexual and 
unusual dwarfs.  I mean, the guys whistle while they work.  Completely 
abnormal, I would have thought.

Still, it was nice to have her out of the palace for a few weeks.  Refreshing.  
No incessant singing and no relentless cheerfulness or perpetual Pollyanna 
dances in the courtyard every afternoon.  No sweet little animals helping her 
tie her scarves or holding up her skirts as she skipped around the pond.  
Everyone in the castle felt they could relax and be normal for a change.

Now it is completely untrue that I dressed up as an apple peddler to bring Snow 
White a poisoned apple.  Firstly I wouldn't have anything appropriate in my 
wardrobe and secondly, it really wouldn't have worked.  The likelihood  of me 
being able to talk with her and not be recognized is about as likely as one of 
those operas where men put on a mask to flirt with their wives and the women 
don't figure out who they are until the last act.  Personally I'd think the 
second they opened their mouths they'd give themselves away.  Too bad, really.  
If opera were true life, it would be over by Act 1, Scene 2.

No, I never meant to poison Snow White.  

But I heard rumours that she was preparing to come home and I just couldn't 
face all that cheerful ignorance again. 

I decided to put her to sleep for a little while, just until I could figure out 
a way to keep her from coming back.  

Not too hard, actually, to lace an apple with a roofie, and have it delivered 
by a peasant.   

I thought of it as a ...... time out; until I could make other arrangements.

Do you know how much organization it took to have a glass case just happen to 
be available for the dwarfs to store the sleeping princess?  How much scheming 
it took to get the prince over for a visit and to convince him to go hunting on 
precisely the right day and in the proper vicinity?

Well, I've always been clever.

They married almost immediately and went to live in his kingdom.   We visit 
once a year and I have to say I feel so sorry for the prince's mother.  I can 
see it in her eyes, the desperation that living with a clueless Pollyanna 
brings.  

Still, better her than me.

And now I visit the dwarfs frequently.  

Turns out they actually are a rather randy bunch.

They just prefer older women.


