Delilah: first draft


Well, I hate to admit it, but it would seem this is a sign of age.

Talking about one's past, I mean.  My job.  My work; it was always my work that 
was important.  Of course I never talked about it then … and even if I had, 
what would people had said? “She's the honey pot, the real intelligence comes 
from her handlers”.  In the spy system you can't be beautiful and have a 
brain.  Those James Bond films just restated what was always a “truth” in 
the espionage world.  But I've had some of my own back, I never allowed my 
handlers to have all the fun … I've run my own career.  Well, a woman has to, 
doesn't she?  If she's not to be put out with the garbage when her looks fade. 

I remember once posing as a cleaning lady in a certain embassy.  I stole 
secrets for months, under the nose of all the diplomats, just muttering to 
myself in various ancient languages whenever someone tried to question me.  I 
swept highly sensitive documents into the garbage, then carried them out each 
evening.  I was dismissed by the security, because I looked old and dumpy.  
They didn't see me.  Really, it's easier for a middle aged, fusty woman to be 
unobserved … all we women become invisible, you know, after a certain age.

Oh, but you asked about the case of Samson and his hair, didn't you?  I suppose 
I can talk of it … it was so long ago, and the statutes of limitations, the 
affected nations have all disappeared or changed beyond recognition.
What does it all matter now? So much secrecy, so many clandestine meetings.  
All for nothing.  Just different interests competing for land and power.  

Still the habits of secrecy over a lifetime don't disappear over night …   
this isn't all that easy.  We'll just see how we get on, shall we?

As I say, I'm very proud of my ability to be invisible when I want to be.  Ever 
notice in the bible .. they give  the linage of those they talk about?  Not in 
my case … they never knew, you see …. couldn't trace me.  Read those 
biblical scholars .. some say I was a widow, some say a concubine .. they don't 
even know if I was an Israelite or a Philistine or something else.  Well don't 
think I'm going to tell you... if I've been able to keep my background secret 
for 2000 years, I'm not about to start blabbing now.

And really, the Samson case was pretty straight forward.  It was merely a 
matter of the highest bidder.  

Let me elaborate, ... there have been times in my career when I really had to 
think about what I was doing.  When I had a twinge of conscious about the 
people I was betraying .. but not with that one.

People don't tell you a lot about Samson.   You just hear, chosen by god, great 
strength, betrayed by a woman, pulled down a temple,  you get the highlights 
but you don't get the particulars.

When you really think about it,  god's chosen are a pretty despicable lot.  
Were in the past and, looking at all those T.V. evangelists alive now  ... they 
still are.

When people ask me how I could have betrayed Samson I say, just look at what he 
did to his poor first wife.

Oh, it was the talk of the town when it happened.  Always spoiled. He expected 
one of god's chose to be catered to and to always get what he wanted.  Being 
one of god's chosen does that to people.  So when he saw a fine looking 
Philistine woman he merely told his parents to get her for him.  

They were upset.  Couldn't you find a nice Jewish girl? they asked   Apparently 
he merely snarled “get her for me”, and they complied.   They had raised a 
little emperor and they paid for it.

The poor woman … can't remember her name now .. she was terrified. Walking 
along one day, a dutiful daughter, and the next being told that she's to be 
married to a strong and brutal man who just decided that he wanted her.  We're 
not exactly talking about the examined life, here, are we?

Being Samson, he had to play the big shot. He throws a seven day bachelor party 
and part of the “entertainment” is a wager that gambled more money than he 
could afford.  Most bachelor parties have dancing girls jumping out of a large 
date cake, but no, Samson has to be a big intellectual and pose riddles.    If 
you ask me it was just ridiculous … 

“Out of the eater came forth meat, and out of the strong came forth 
sweetness” How was anyone supposed to figure that one out?  Why didn't he 
just stick with the dancing girls and endless rounds of “there was a young 
woman from Ashdod”?

Poor girl.  She was terrified.  Engaged to a brute then waylaid and informed by 
drunken wedding guests that they would set fire to her and her father if she 
didn't give them the answer.  So she wheedled it out of Samson and he promptly 
disowned her.  Poor thing, she was doomed from the moment ol' Samson set eyes 
on her …. either in a marriage to a tyrant, or in being rejected. The wedding 
guests killed her anyway , for no reason.  She died along with those 30 other 
luckless and rather stupid Philistines who gave Sampson the answer to his 
riddle.  Ah well such things happen.

Samson always had a taste for slaying, but that episode just whetted his 
appetite.  He killed the would be wedding guests, he burned down granaries, he 
set the tails of foxes alight, he grabbed the jawbone of a donkey and pummelled 
people to death.  The man had some serious anger issues.  I tell you, the whole 
region was wondering how they could lock him up.  What's that joke?  May god 
bless and keep Judge Samson …. far away from us.  No one could figure out 
what to do with him.  He was too strong to be kept down, see, and his vengeance 
was absolute.

That's when they came to me.

I had a reputation for effectively dealing with hard cases.  And I have to tell 
you, it wasn't just the Philistines who were my contacts … there were some 
from the Jewish community as well.   They knew a mad man when they saw one.

It wasn't easy, believe me.  Oh, it was easy to seduce him. .. the man thought 
with his penis …. and his pride.  He was used to getting what he liked, you 
see, so I just made sure that he saw me, and that he wanted me.  Getting him 
into bed was easy.    But it takes more than that .. you also have to keep them 
there.

Sometimes that's the issue.  They say they'll die if they can't have you but, 
disappointingly, they never follow through..if they did you wouldn't have to do 
much.  But it's all talk. 

They'll promise everything until you take them to bed, and then you have to 
work fast before they tire of you.  But he was easy to manipulate.  A few 
simulated orgasms, some well placed compliments, and I had him coming back 
again and again.  

Still, mad people can be canny, and he didn't give his secrets up easily.  
Somewhere in his head he knew that I was dangerous.

“What's the secret to your strength?” I'd ask, as I stroked the muscled on 
his arms.  “What makes you unbeatable” I'd enquire as I traced the tendons 
on his neck, “I want to know all about you” I'd purr as I played with the 
hair on his chest.

He lead me a merry chase …. all sorts of things would hold him, he said, 
fresh bowstrings, new ropes, braiding his hair ….  that one had a ring of 
truth … made me know it was something about hair.  So I kept at him till he 
finally told me..

I cut his locks off as he slept, I called the guard to bind him and I've never 
had any regrets.  You can't go around acting immoral just because you are god's 
chosen.

If you ask me .. I'm the most moral person in that particular story.  

But no more for today .. I've spoken today as I spoke then.

Then and now, I say, “enough”



