Delilah:

Well, I hate to admit it, but this is a sign of age.  This is what I've been 
reduced to.  Talking instead of doing .. now it is Delilah speaks, not Delilah 
acts.

And now I talk about my past.  My job.  My work.  It was always my work. Of 
course I never spoke about it then … and even if I had, what would people 
have said? “She's the honey pot, the real intelligence comes from her 
handlers”.  In the spy system they don't believe you can be both beautiful 
and intelligent.  

And I was beautiful, very beautiful.  Enigmatic, sensual and exotic.  And in 
the system.

Yes, I was a spy, a spook, an operative, informer, whatever you want to call 
it, and I've done some pretty unsavoury things but always on my own terms.  I 
never allowed my handlers to have all the fun … I've run my own career.  
Well, a woman has to, doesn't she?  If she's not to be put out with the garbage 
when her looks fade. 

And you want to hear about Samson and his hair, don't you?  I can talk of it 
… it was so long ago, and the affected nations have all disappeared or 
changed beyond recognition.  What does it all matter now? So much secrecy, so 
many clandestine meetings.  All for nothing. Just different interests competing 
for land and power.  

Still the habits of secrecy over a lifetime don't disappear over night … I 
may not tell you all .. we'll just see how we get on, shall we?

I'm proud of my ability to be control my information.  Ever notice in the bible 
.. they always give the linage of those they talk about?  Not in my case … 
they never knew, you see …. couldn't trace me.  Read those biblical scholars 
.. I was a widow, a concubine, a prostitute .. they don't know.  They don't 
even know if I was an Israelite.  Well don't think I'm going to tell you... if 
I've been able to keep my background secret for 2000 years, I'm not about to 
start blabbing now.

And really, the Samson case was pretty straight forward.  It was merely a 
matter of the highest bidder.  

Let me elaborate, ... there have been times in my career when I really had to 
think about what I was doing.  When I had a twinge of conscious about the 
people I was betraying .. but not with that one.

People don't tell you a lot about Samson.   You just hear, chosen by god, great 
strength, betrayed by a woman, pulled down a temple,  you get the highlights 
but you don't get the particulars.

When you really think about it,  god's chosen are a pretty despicable lot.  
Were in the past and, looking at all those T.V. evangelists  ... they still are.

When people ask me how I could have betrayed Samson I say, just look at what he 
did to his first wife.

Oh, it was the talk of the town when it happened.  Always spoiled. He expected 
one of god's chose to be catered to and to always get what he wanted.  Being a 
chosen one does that to people.  So when he saw a fine looking Philistine woman 
he merely told his parents to arrange a marriage.  

They were upset.  Couldn't you find a nice Jewish girl? they asked   Apparently 
he merely snarled “get her for me”, and they complied.   They had raised a 
little emperor and they paid for it.

The poor woman … can't remember her name now .. she was terrified. Walking 
along one day, a dutiful daughter, and the next being promised to a strong and 
brutal man who just acquired her.  Samson wasn't  exactly living the examined 
life.

Being Samson, he had to play the big shot. He threw a seven day bachelor party 
and part of the “entertainment” was a wager that gambled more than he could 
afford.  Most bachelor parties have dancing girls jumping out of  large date 
cakes, but no, Samson has to be a big intellectual and pose riddles.    It was 
ridiculous … 

“Out of the eater came forth meat, and out of the strong came forth 
sweetness” How was anyone supposed to figure that one out?  Why didn't he 
just stick with the dancing girls and endless rounds of “there was a young 
woman from Ashdod”?

Poor girl.  She was terrified.  Engaged to a brute then waylaid by drunken 
wedding guests who threatened to set her on fire if she didn't reveal the 
answer.  So she wheedled it out of Samson and he destroyed her by accusing her 
of infidelity.  Poor thing, she was doomed from the moment he set eyes on her 
…. either marriage to a tyrant, or banished from her home. They killed her .  
She died along with 30 luckless and rather stupid Philistines who gave Sampson 
the answer to his riddle.  Ah well such things happen.

Samson always had a taste for slaying, but that episode whetted his appetite.  
He killed the would be wedding guests, he burned down granaries, he set the 
tails of foxes alight, he grabbed the jawbone of a donkey and pummelled people 
to death.  The man had some serious anger issues.  I tell you, the whole region 
was wondering how they could lock him up.  What's that joke?  May god bless and 
keep Judge Samson …. far away from us.  No one could figure out what to do 
with him.  He was too strong to be kept down, see, and his vengeance was 
absolute.

That's when they came to me.

I had a reputation for effectively dealing with hard cases.  And I have to tell 
you, it wasn't just the Philistines who were my contacts … there were some 
from the Jewish community as well.   They knew a mad man when they saw one.

It wasn't easy, believe me.  Oh, it was easy to seduce him. .. the man thought 
with his penis …. and his pride.  He was used to getting what he liked, you 
see, so I made sure that he saw me, and that he wanted me.  Getting him into 
bed was easy.    But it takes more than that .. you also have to keep them 
there.

Sometimes that's the issue.  They say they'll die if they can't have you but, 
disappointingly, they never follow through..if they did you wouldn't have to do 
much.  But it's all talk. 

They'll promise everything until you take them to bed, and then you have to 
work fast before they tire of you.  But he was easy to manipulate.  A few 
simulated orgasms, some well placed compliments, and I had him coming back 
again and again.  

Still, mad people can be canny, and he didn't give his secrets up easily.  
Somewhere in his head he knew that I was dangerous.

“What's the secret to your strength?” I'd ask, as I stroked the muscled on 
his arms.  “What makes you unbeatable” I'd enquire as I traced the tendons 
on his neck, “I want to know all about you” I'd purr as I played with the 
hair on his chest.

He lead me a merry chase …. all sorts of things would hold him, he said, 
fresh bowstrings, new ropes, braiding his hair.  I kept at him, I persevered 
till he finally told me..

And I cut his locks off as he slept, I called the guard to bind him and I've 
never had any regrets.  You can't go around acting immoral just because you are 
god's chosen.

If you ask me .. I'm the most moral person in that particular story.  

But no more for today .. you've made me tired with your questions.

I've spoken today 

I spoke then.

Then and now, I say, “enough”



