 Gingema  - WW or the East – revised

 
Do you know the best thing about heaven?  It's quiet.  Oh, heavenly, heavenly 
quiet.
 
This place just roars with quiet,  shrieks with stillness, trumpets 
tranquillity.  After my life with the little guys it is pure heaven ... 
 
oh, yeah, well it IS heaven, isn't it?  Silly me!
 
When I first got here, and believe me, I was surprised as anyone to find myself 
in heaven, I had this fear that the place would be rampant with harp music.  I 
mean, it would be better than Munchkin songs, but how much incessant music can 
one take?  There were days in Munchkin land when I really thought I was losing 
my sanity.  "One more quaffing song" I'd think, "and I'll bash the lot of you!"
 
But now ...I sit leisurely on those clouds over there or wander around the 
Pearly Gate parking lot and enjoy things.  Ahhh ... simple pleasures. 
 
Well, not exactly...
 
I mean I had enough of SIMPLE pleasures back in Oz.  There is nothing so 
simple as a Munchkin.  What is it about little people .. they don't know how 
to grow up?  They just look up at you with those big blue eyes and expect you 
to take care of everything:  laws, libraries, laundrettes, lotteries.  I opened 
them all, then made laws about them and had to oversee things.  All they did 
was dance around and get in the way.  And they drink, I tell you, a Munchkin 
can put away twice his weight in ale and not show it.  Except to get really, 
really mean. A drunk Munchkin is one mean drunk.
 
The Munchkins.  They were the real cause of my death.  I know everyone says 
it was that house falling down, but if I had been looking up, or even walking 
properly, I would have seen it.
 
But you don't look up when you live amongst little people.  You spend your 
time navigating their annoying wiggling walks, and trying not to trip over 
their children.   When I turned 35 I looked at myself in the mirror and saw a 
crone.  It wasn't because my face was old, or because of wrinkles.  But I was 
stooped, and worn down from governing.  Besides, years of watching your feet 
makes your spine turn downward.
 
Yes, yes, I know.  People say I looked down to watch my ruby slippers, and I 
have to say they did go SO well with my black skirts .. just a twinklin', and 
glistenin'.  Next to Glinda's spring outfits, the Ruby slippers were the 
brightest thing in all of Munchkin Land.  I did love them so.  They say you 
can't take it with you .. but I would have LOVED to have brought them along.  
Of course, they never looked their best with those damn striped stockings.
 
You see, every year, on Munch Munch Day - don't ask, it was always ghastly - 
short people shouldn't attempt ballet - especially when drunk -  I had to 
accept the annual Tribute From The People.  And every year some class was 
assigned to knitting me these damned stockings.  You never knew what the 
colour scheme would be that year, and whatever they did, the dropped stitches 
drooped and the frightful colour combinations completely clashed with the Ruby 
Slippers.
 
When I was a teen I put up a fuss.  "you couldn't pay me to wear that stuff" I 
declared to my mother... but when you rule a kingdom you do a lot of things you 
would rather not.
 
By the way I'm called "Wicked" because, on my inaugural Tribute Day; when I 
accepted the first gruesome set of stockings I smiled graciously and said "Good 
people of Munchkin Land.  I thank you for your beautiful present.  I shall 
wear these with pride when I think of the love they carry..... I fact I will 
look wicked in them!"
 
Of course the papers got things out of context.  "New ruler promises to be 
wicked" screamed the headlines.  I tell you, when you rule Munchkin Land you 
learn about public relations pretty damn fast.  But now I'm in heaven I wear 
any socks I damn well please.
 
Oh, but I was talking about the house, wasn't I.  
 
Well, the Day of My Demise was sunny.  I was doing my usual stroll amongst the 
little people.. smiling sagely, tapping a few heads with my finger nails as I 
walked by.
 
THEY were all looking up at me and THEY scattered pretty quickly.  I was too 
concerned about the little tykes running through my legs and under my 
skirts.... I didn't have a chance.  Strange, not one of them yelled “look 
out”.. I don't know why.
 
Now there's one thing I need to make perfectly clear.  I NEVER, EVER stepped 
on a Munchkin child, no matter what the tabloids say.  Not that I didn't 
fantasize about it, I will admit.  I mean those kids are so little and squeaky 
and loud.  I could have stamped on 'em with no trouble at all.
 
But, I AM, oh .. I WAS their sovereign.  To tell you the truth, I never 
allowed myself to step on one, no matter how much clatter they made, because I 
knew if I did it would be too hard to stop.  Sort of like popping bubble wrap 
.... a tiny surprised yelp and then delightful, blissful silence.  How could 
you resist doing just one more, and then one more after that?
 
No, I never stepped on them; though I did make a game of fantasizing what I 
would really like to say during all those speeches and songs I had to endure.  
The songs, the horrid, out of tune, repetitive songs, I hated those. I break 
out all cold and clammy just thinking of them.  

Anyway, as I stepped forward to take that year's terrible tights I would smile 
charmingly and think "I'd like to put that lollipop where the sun don't shine, 
boy".  Some of the more obnoxious ones saw the gleam in my eye and would back 
up suddenly.  One year some kid fell off the platform.  That was a good year.
 
I never did figure out how Elpha, that's my big sister, in case you didn't 
know, ended up ruling the Winky kingdom with those hunky winged monkeys, and I 
was stuck with a bunch of midgets.
 
Hmmmm, winged monkeys, I always had a thing for them.  Now, don't you tell 
Elpha, but I certainly enjoyed their company when I was in Oz.  Elpha's 
favourite was Arnold, and I knew why.  The pecks on that boy!    Well, with 
all the flying he did, of course his chest muscles would be .... um .... 
developed.
 
Mother said to stay away from them.  They weren't really winged monkeys but 
sort of a Neanderthal offshoot that had developed wings instead of complex 
language.  I tell you, Arnold wasn't one for iambic pentameter or pretty 
sayings but his movements were pure poetry.  Oh yes, we had some fine times, 
did Arnold and me; ...... the wings on that boy.  And you know what they say 
a large wing span signifies .... 
 
Good thing Elpha didn't find out, she would have killed me.
 
Of course the house did that first.
 
Hey look over there .... don't be too obvious, just cast your eye. 

See that Sebalim over there?  He and I had sort of a thing going for a while 
... but then I found out that Sebalims are a kind of singing Angel and he's in 
a heavenly choir.  THAT was why he practised ALL the time.  He was great in 
the clouds, but I value my silence more.
 
I'm sort of dating a guard angel now... that's why I spend so much time in the 
Pearly Gate parking lot.  He's on duty there quite a bit.  He doesn't say 
much, but he's got a wing span that is ...well I don't want to brag.  Oh, time 
to head out.  We're meeting in some heavy duty cloud cover in ..... oh just a 
few minutes .. gotta run.



