 Gingema  - WW or the East – revised December 2014

I guess you would call me wicked

I like wicked

Wicked hair, wicked clothes, wicked shoes .. especially shoes.

I had a pair of wicked ruby slippers once, that was sweet.

Oh, I'm Gingerma, bettter known as the Wicked Witch of the East.    You know 
... the tornado, the house, Dorothy and Toto, that disgusting little dog?  

You don't mind if I carry on, do you?
 
Do you know the best thing about heaven?  It's quiet.  Oh, heavenly, heavenly 
quiet.
 
This place just roars with quiet,  shrieks with stillness, trumpets 
tranquillity.  After my life with the little guys it is pure heaven ... 
 
oh, yeah, well it IS heaven, isn't it?  Silly me!
 
When I first got here, and believe me, I was surprised as anyone to find myself 
in heaven, I had this fear that the place would be rampant with harp music.  I 
mean, it would be better than Munchkin songs, but how much incessant music can 
one take?  There were days in Munchkin land when I really thought I was losing 
my sanity.  "One more quaffing song" I'd think, "and I'll bash the lot of you!"
 
But now ...I sit leisurely on those clouds over there or wander around the 
Pearly Gate parking lot and enjoy things.  Ahhh ... simple pleasures. Simple.
 
Well, I had SIMPLE pleasures back in Oz.  There is nothing so simple as a 
Munchkin.  What is it about little people .. they don't know how to grow up?  
They just look up at you with those big blue eyes and expect you to take care 
of everything:  laws, libraries, laundrettes, lotteries.  I opened them all, 
then made laws about them and had to oversee things.  All they did was dance 
around and get in the way.  And they drink, I tell you, a Munchkin can put away 
twice his weight in ale and not show it.  Except to get really, really 
mean. A drunken Munchkin is one mean customer.
 
The Munchkins.  They were the real cause of my death.  I know everyone says 
it was that house falling down, but if I had been looking up, or even walking 
properly, I would have seen it.
 
But you don't look up when you live amongst little people.  You spend your 
time navigating their annoying wiggling walks, and trying not to trip over 
their children.   When I turned 45 I looked at myself in the mirror and saw a 
crone.  It wasn't because my face was old, or because of wrinkles.  But I was 
stooped, and worn down from governing.  Besides, years of watching your feet 
makes your spine turn downward.
 
I know.  People say I looked down to watch my ruby slippers.  They did go SO 
well with my black skirts .. just a twinklin', and glistenin'.  Next to 
Glinda's spring outfits, the Ruby slippers were the brightest thing in all of 
Munchkin Land.  I loved them.  They say you can't take it with you .. but I 
would have LOVED to have brought them along.  Of course, they never looked 
their best with those damn striped stockings.
 
You see, every year, on Munchkin Day - don't ask, it was always ghastly -  I 
had to accept the annual Tribute From The People.  And every year some class 
was assigned to knitting me these damned stockings.  You never knew what the 
colour scheme would be that year, and whatever they did, the dropped stitches 
drooped and the frightful colour combinations completely clashed with the Ruby 
Slippers.
 
When I was a teen I put up a fuss.  "you couldn't pay me to wear that stuff" I 
declared to my mother... but when you rule a kingdom you do a lot of things you 
would rather not.
 
By the way I'm called "Wicked" because, on my inaugural Tribute Day; when I 
accepted the first gruesome set of stockings I smiled graciously and said "Good 
people of Munchkin Land.  I thank you for your beautiful present.  I shall 
wear these with pride when I think of the love they carry..... I fact I will 
look wicked in them!"
 
The papers got things out of context.  "New ruler promises to be wicked - 
wicked witch of the east" screamed the headlines.  Stupid. Now I'm in heaven I 
wear any socks I damn well please.
 
You know, the Day of My Demise was sunny.  I was doing my usual stroll amongst 
the little people.. smiling sagely, tapping a few heads with my finger nails as 
I walked by.
 
THEY were all looking up at me and THEY scattered pretty quickly.  I was too 
concerned about the little tykes running through my legs and under my 
skirts.... I didn't have a chance.  Strange, not one of them yelled “look 
out”.. I don't know why.
 
Now there's one thing I need to make perfectly clear.  I NEVER, EVER stepped 
on a Munchkin child, no matter what the tabloids say.  Not that I didn't 
fantasize about it.  I mean those kids are so little and squeaky and loud.  I 
could have stamped on 'em with no trouble at all.  
 
But, I WAS their sovereign.  To tell you the truth, I never allowed myself to 
step on one, no matter how much clatter they made, because I knew if I did it 
would be too hard to stop.  Sort of like popping bubble wrap .... a tiny 
surprised yelp and then delightful, blissful silence.  How could you resist 
doing just one more, and then one more after that? 
 
No, I never stepped on them.

Well, maybe I did ...but only once .... or twice.

But a sovereign's job is HARD.  All those speeches and songs I had to endure.  
The songs, the horrid, out of tune, repetitive songs, I hated those. I break 
out all cold and clammy just thinking of them.  

Each time as I stepped forward to take that year's terrible tights I would 
smile charmingly and think "I'd like to put that lollipop where the sun don't 
shine, boy".  Some of the more obnoxious ones saw the gleam in my eye and 
would back up suddenly.  One year some kid fell off the platform.  That was a 
good year.
 
I never did figure out how Elpha, that's my big sister,  the wicked witch of 
the west, ended up ruling the Winky kingdom with those hunky winged monkeys, 
and I was stuck with a bunch of midgets.
 
I always had a thing for those winged monkeys.  I certainly enjoyed their 
company when I was in Oz.  Elpha's favourite was  Clarence, the pecks on that 
boy!    Well, with all the flying he did, of course his chest muscles would 
be .... um .... developed.
 
Mother said to stay away from them.  They weren't really winged monkeys but 
sort of a Neanderthal offshoot that had developed wings instead of complex 
language.  Clarence wasn't one for iambic pentameter but his movements were 
pure poetry.  Oh yes, we had some fine times, did Nigel and me; ...... the 
wings on that boy.  And you know what they say a large wing span signifies 
.... 
 
Good thing Elpha didn't find out, she would have killed me.
 
Of course the house did that first.
 
Hey look over there .... don't be too obvious, just cast your eye. 

See that Sebalim over there?  He and I had sort of a thing going for a while 
... but then I found out that Sebalims are a kind of singing Angel and he's in 
a heavenly choir.  THAT was why he practised ALL the time.  He was great in 
the clouds, but I value my silence more.
 
I'm sort of dating a guard angel now... that's why I spend so much time in the 
Pearly Gate parking lot.  He's on duty there quite a bit.  He doesn't say 
much, but he's got a wing span that is ...well I don't want to brag. 

We're meeting in some heavy duty cloud cover in ..... oh just a few minutes .. 
gotta run.
