Gothel  - (Rapunzel)

Listen up, did you hear something?  Oh no .. must be my imagination.

Right, I can talk for a bit, but Rapunzel might need me, so I may have to go.  
Rapunzel's not my daughter exactly, but you could say that I have an interest.

I've known the family for donkey's years .. well I would, wouldn't I, living 
next door and all.  

I've always maintained that good fences make good neighbours, in my case -  
walls, as I do like a  nice walled garden .. the bricks catch the sun, you see, 
and give the place just that much of a head start in the spring ... and I've 
always had a green thumb.

So I can't say that I kept an eye on them, but Randolph, who is a right nosey 
parker, kept me informed about their comings and goings.  He takes a bit of 
exercise every morning you see, flies around the neighbourhood and brings the 
me news.  Randolph's a raven and has been my familiar for ... oh I don't know 
how long, seems like forever.  In the old days witches were supposed to have a 
third teat to suckle their familiars.  Whenever Randolph brings this  up I say 
"no kinky business, you.  Stir yourself and find your own meals."

So Randolph had a tendency to visit the family.  Poor dears didn't know much 
about nutrition you see and apparently there were always a few bangers left 
over or some tinned beans for him to pinch.   

When Rapunzel's mother was expecting the garden thieving really picked up.  The 
husband was always slipping over the walls and worrying my potatoes, but I 
never minded. Goodness knows, I was happy to see them get a few healthy 
vitamins.  

I swear she spent her pregnancy eating egg and chips, egg and chips.  I'd meet 
him in my garden almost every evening, see him slipping the stolen potatoes 
into his pocket and pretending to just be visiting.  "Have some beans" I'd say, 
or "You know, your wife might fancy a nice green salad".

"Oh no, Miss" he's say, "you know we never eat anything green".

Well, the day of the birth I just slipped over to see the child with a bit of 
Rapunzel in my basket.  A nursing mother needs to be well fed.  

"Oh we couldn't eat that, Miss" says the wife, "but it's a right pretty name, 
and we'll give it to the baby."  I was thankful I didn't have radishes in the 
basket that day, or she's have been called "French Breakfast".  And she was an 
ugly little mite, though she did have nice hair, I'll give her that.

Well the next few years were a nightmare.  Those two had no idea about raising 
a child.  Daft as a brush, both of them.  That child would have been dead from 
misadventure many times over if it hadn't been for Randolph. The times he 
pulled her back from the fire, or rescued her from the stream.  My nerves were 
on edge and I dreaded hearing the stories he'd bring back each day.   It made 
my heart bleed.  They weren't cruel, mind you, they just didn't know any better.

There were some days when I thought of bringing her here and looking after her 
myself.  "she wouldn't be a bother" I would think, and then I'd say "Gothel, 
you are MUCH too old to be running a day care, just close your ears."

The poor dear inherited her parent's brains, I'm sorry to say.  When she 
started school things weren't any better.  Children can be so cruel, they 
teased her so.  I'd hear her on the other side of the wall trying to work on 
her sums and making a mess of it, so I'd invite her over, and give her tea and 
try to instill a few crumbs of the basics into her.  I also gave her some 
grooming lessons.    What she didn't have in brains she made up for in hair, 
I'll give her that, so I showed her how to braid, and dug out a few old frock 
of mine so she's have something decent to wear.  

When she was thirteen I finally had to put my hand in.  


As I say, she wasn't too bright .. and one day, while she was visiting and I 
was wrestling with that huge mass of hair, she says, innocent as anything, 
"that boy Chester, at school, the one who's 16?  He says he'll bring me a 
sweetie tomorrow"

"Oh, really, " I say, "and why is that?"

"He says if I go into the woods with him he'll give me a sweetie".

An innocent.

Well, I wasn't going to let that baby start having babies, so I marched over to 
the parents and informed them that I was going to start a school of my own, 
that very day, and that Rapunzel was to be my only student.  Then I installed 
her in the tower, with books, pretty clothes, and a few toys.

I thought she'd be bored in a month and be hungry for a bit of learning.  I 
thought she'd find the secret passage.  Any girl with a bit of brains would 
have seen the different coloured stones in the corner and would have gone to 
investigate ... to explore.  Push any one of 15 stones in that area and a 
stairway reveals itself.  I kept hoping she'd find it, show a bit of initiative 
... but she never did.

We had this silly game.  When I went up to teach her ever morning I would stand 
below the window and chant "Rapunzel, Rapunzel, let down your hair, and I will 
climb the golden stair". and she'd let down her braid and I would pretend to 
climb up.  Didn't of course; I just levitated my way up, but she didn't catch 
on.  

It was as if someone had cast a spell to make learning slid off her, as if she 
were made of Teflon.  I despaired, I really did.  I still do.

There were times over the years, when she felt constrained in the tower.  I 
tried to use those as teaching moments.

"I'm tired of being in this old ruin" she would sulk  "I want down from here"

"Well, let's think," I would say, "how would you go about getting down?"

I thought, if she ever figured out she could chop off that braid of hair and 
use it as a rope it would be a beginning.  I even took to giving myself a trim 
every few months, letting her see me snip off the hair in the tower, hoping 
she's make the connection.  I left scissors around everywhere.   It was like 
flogging a dead horse .. no reaction at all.

About five months ago she started complaining that her dresses were getting too 
tight.  I didn't take any notice at first,  then I realized the girl was up the 
spout ... going to have a baby.

That Chester isn't stupid.  

He'd had her let down her hair and attached a silk rope to it.  She kept it in 
the back of her closet and he visited her at night, with those sweeties.  It 
had been going on for years .... and of course she had to get caught some time. 
 Poor, silly fool.

He's gone now.  When he found out there was a baby on the way, he discovered 
that he was far too busy to visit anymore.  I really can't figure out if she's 
missing him or the sweets.

It will be any time now.  I'm keeping close, as I don't know how she's going to 
deal with the labour.  I just hope the baby gets his brains.

Listen? Did you hear something?
