Lilith
(reading from a bible type book) 
“Now, God had set Adam to name every beast – and when they past in pairs 
before him Adam, being jealous of their loves, cried: 'Every creature but I has 
a proper mate', and prayed God would remedy this injustice. 
God then formed Lilith, the first woman, just as He had formed Adam. But Adam 
and Lilith never found peace together; for when he wished to lie with her, she 
took offence.  'Why must I lie beneath you?' she asked. 'I was made from dust, 
and am your equal.' Because Adam tried to compel her obedience by force, 
Lilith, in a rage, uttered the magic name of God, rose into the air and left 
him.” 
Oh these men, such drama queens. It wasn't like that at all. Hell, I quite like 
recumbent positions ... on certain days of the week.  And the time lines are 
all wrong too . They just don't pay attention to detail when they write those 
sweeping blockbusters.
You know, sometimes I feel I have a lot in common with the first Mrs. Ronald 
Reagan. Sometimes I wonder if she's sorry she didn't stay the distance, do the 
smiley first lady thing. Then I come to my senses and figure she was just 
grateful to have gotten away from that pompous windbag so easily.
It's not particularly fun to have one's name linked with demons  and succubi 
but it's not a disaster either,  let's face it, Eve's life was no picnic. 
Having to put up with the lout first, and then being blamed for all of the sins 
of the world. I'd rather be known as a sexual preditor.
She was a smart cookie, was Eve. Discovered quickly that Adam wasn't all that 
big in the brains department and had no imagination whatsoever. When she 
appeared he had probably named about 20 of the animals of the earth. And he 
wasn't too original. 
“Adam”, Eve would say gently, “great beast with yellow fur” could mean 
a lot of animals. Maybe we, I mean you, could come up with something a bit 
snappier. 
After a significant amount of thinking he'd come up with “Great beast with 
yellow fur and ruff?” 
“Better”, she'd say brightly, “but how about … um “Lion” It has a 
nice ring to it. Oh, my dear, you are so clever …. and the “Small round 
platter animal” could be called 'turtle'. “
“Tall plant with spiky leaves?” 
“Cactus”
The dance she had to do to make him think they were all his ideas. 
You can always spot the animals Adam named.... grasshopper, woodpecker, 
starfish, stickbug.  As I say, no imagination, and, wow, he was a lot of work.
Whenever she needed some down time, she's head off to visit me.
Oh yes, we'd get together for mead a couple of times a year when the boys were 
out hunting for sacrifices or some such macho thing. We got along well. We both 
knew the stresses of living with Adam, didn't have to talk about it, or if she 
did, I understood completely.  Every detail.  And we spent lots of time 
together …. I was her refuge, where she could just relax and chill.  The 
place where there were no expectations or shoulds.
We had a lot in common. We both experienced the loss of our children. 
Well, of course I had children – those demons can be very attractive, you 
know. But I lost most of them.
You see, I was cursed when I refused the angels' polite “suggestion” that I 
return to the garden. I was holidaying here at the Red Sea at the time and told 
them I wouldn't even entertain the suggestion until I'd had a few weeks of R 
and R – and then Adam and I would have to sit down with an independent party 
before I would even consider a reconciliation.
But no – instead of giving my side any thought, the angel just cursed me. 
Told me that, because of my insubordination, I was destined to see hundreds of 
my children and my children's children, die each year.
Lucky I was never very maternal. 
I mean, I never actually raised a child .. just had them and handed them back 
to the demon. 
“You were happy enough to play”, I'd say, “now it's your turn to work. 
Believe me labour is called labour for a reason and I've done my part.”
But Eve wasn't like that ….. she truly lived for her children – and she did 
have a lot of them. 
She aged so much after she lost Abel.
He was the most gentle of boys; I loved him best.   He had such a way with 
daisy chains. I remember, when he was a teen he wove them so prettily for Eve 
and me; she would sometimes bring him when she came to visit... get him away 
from the more brutal of his brothers.  He wove flowers into wreaths, and he 
delighted in wearing them too.
There he'd be, flowers in his curly hair, he'd be playing a flute and dancing 
around the field. My goodness that boy could dance. Moved so well.
After she lost Abel; after the “unfortunate incident” which is what Eve 
always called it, her heart was broken.  I don't know how she managed to deal 
with Cain from then on.  I said to her, “what you need is a complete change.  
Come and live with me. You can even bring your children if you must. Leave the 
garden and old, cranky Adam and start fresh.”
But she wouldn't. Said that children needed a father.
“He won't even miss you.” I said, “He'll be too busy talking with 
Satan.”
I don't know why those two were such great buddies. I mean, Satan is a clever 
boots. But insecure. Very insecure.
I guess, once you mount a rebellion and lose, you always know that you're not 
quite good enough. So he just kept Adam around to make himself feel superior. 
Which wasn't difficult, let me tell you.
That's when Eve started to self medicate. 
I swear
I saw it happening.
I'm not sure how she figured it out how to devise a still, but after a while, 
no fruit tree in the garden was immune. When god got wind of it he said “no 
more fruit” 
But that woman could make alcohol out of anything. I'll never forget trying her 
cowslip wine. Though I've tried, believe me. That last time she visited, it was 
all she brought.  That and her tears.
Still, her apple was the best, by far, and so much more potent than anything 
else she could devise. 
At first she could just pick a few here and there and they weren't missed … 
but addiction grows and pretty soon even a blind god would have figured it out. 
So he sent them out of the garden, thinking she would sober up and get clean.
Never happened. 
And I do miss her.
Me? Oh, I pretty much stick around the Red Sea these days. I mean, it's been my 
home for so very long.
Of course, I still visit some innocents at night, you can't be a succubus for 
so many years and then stop cold turkey. But I have to admit that I'm no longer 
even a cougar .. I'm definitely in the “dragon” category these days, which 
makes me sometimes think “eeeuuuuwww”
And demons aren't around as much as they once were either.
But I do like my view.
I spend a lot of my time looking at my view.
