B.   STAGE MANAGER
B.1   General Responsibilities.  
The Stage Manager is a key position in any successful theater production.  The 
position has a unique function because it serves the dual function of assistant 
to the director and production staff during the rehearsal period and then 
becomes the person in charge of the production during the actual performance. 
Each production will make different and unique demands of the Stage Manager. 
The SM, stage manager, will be the key assistant to the director; however the 
SM is also serves as an assistant to the designers, technical director, costume 
shop supervisor, director of theater, conductor, and all other staff positions. 
                    
A primary duty of the SM is the creation of the Prompt Script. The SM will 
prepare a prompt script that will eventually contain all blocking notations, 
plus cues for lights, sound, shift, orchestra, and what ever is necessary for 
the production. This “bible” must be created with care so that anyone would 
be able to assume the position of SM and call a successful performance.  (We 
will do this together)
The SM will maintain a Production Book that will contain all information 
necessary for the production: Company Roster, production and rehearsal 
calendars, prop list, Daily Rehearsal Reports, Performance Logs .... any and 
everything pertaining to the production. This production book must be brought 
to every production meeting. (We will do this together)
When rehearsals move into technical rehearsals, the SM will run the 
rehearsals.  The SM will maintain the show throughout the run of the show, as 
rehearsed.
                        
B.2   Rehearsals
Preparation for rehearsals.  The SM is responsible for taping out the set on 
the floor of the rehearsal room.  (We will do this together)
The SM is responsible for gathering, storing, and returning all rehearsal props 
and rehearsal furniture.  A list of rehearsal props should be created by the 
director and SM.  (Actually I think this is a props job.  But the SM is 
responsible for ensuring a props person will do this.  I think Jane will be a 
fantastic bs person.  However, during rehearsals you may need to make notes 
like "tell Jane we need two extra chairs set" or "additional broom to be set 
backstage")
Before rehearsal.  Arrive 20 to 30 minutes early; or earlier as 
needed. (We'll talk about timing) The space should be ready 15 minutes before 
the call time.  Unlock doors.  Turn ON appropriate lights.  Check that the 
floor is clear and safe for the action required.  Check that any scenery or 
set piece is ready to be used as required.  Check that any recorded music or a 
piano is ready for use.  (or see that the sound teck is in place) Check that 
all props are ready for use. (or ask the props people if they are ready) 
Beginning of rehearsal
1. Assemble cast;  
2. Give announcements and  distribute information. 
3. Give specific instructions required for the rehearsal period. 
4. Create and maintain a check-in list for tech rehearsals and performances. 
5. If needed, provide rehearsal props. (see above)  
6. As needed, coordinate the sign-up or costume fittings between the costume 
shop and the cast. 
During the rehearsal
1. Help maintain quiet and order.   
2. Call cues to begin the action: curtain, lights, sound. 
3. Record blocking. 
4. Record changes to the script. 
5. Prompt actors as required. (We will probably have someone else do this)
6. Record running times. 
7. Time and coordinate breaks for actors and staff. 
8. Keep director informed of time allocation. 

End of rehearsal
1. Assist the director with notes.            
2. Give announcements and take questions. 
3. Remind cast about scheduled fittings and or changes to the schedule. 
4. Check with the director. 
The duties and procedures of the Stage Manager will vary with the nature of the 
script, production, rehearsal, director, and designers.  A good Stage Manager 
must be able to adapt to the needs of each production.  When an ASM is 
available, use that person to assist with routine duties.  Both you and the 
ASM must attend production meetings.
After rehearsal
1. The rehearsal space must be left clean and neat.   
2. All props must be stored so that they are secure and out of the way. 
3. All doors must be locked. Have everyone leave from one door. 
4. All lights must be turned OFF with the exception of the ghostlight. 


