Witches from McB revised December 2014

Witches - all on stage - Ethal is doing preparing some kind of food, the others 
are just getting in the way  ... they may have to move tables and chairs etc.  
Note:  throughout the scene the three characters switch from talking to each 
other to talking to the audience.  

M - I'm Merideth - the pretty one and I ..... I  tempt men.  (looks at self) - 
well I USED to tempt men.

C - (referring to self) Carolyn "the clever one" - I prophesize

E - Ethel ..... (thinks a moment) the ..... other?  one?  I ... um....... I  
..... um.....

C - you do what you're told - or did, in the old days

E - Unfortunately  .... We're from 

Together - as if it is a secret - The Scottish play

M - we're also known as

Together - each with a different take on the term  - the weird sisters ...

M - (refering to E's food) Well this takes one back ... but I don't do the 
complicated stuff these days.  

E - you never did much in the way of cooking

M - when I was young there was always something on the fire.    My favourite 
was a potion ... now let's see ….. I think it was …
Eye of newt, and toe of frog,
Wool of bat, and tongue of  

C -  tongue of dog,
Fillet of a fenny snake, 
In the cauldron boil and bake;

M - right!

C - then … umm 
Adder's fork, and blind-worm's sting,? I left that part to Ethel  

E - yah, leave the icky bits to Ethel

C Lizard's leg, and howlet's wing,--?

M - I haven't thought of that potion in years ….. mmmm ….. 

E - I never think of those old recipes.  I usually just drive though McDonalds 
these days.

C - well that's looking quite good

E -   Besides, have you ever tried to fillet a fenny snake? Slippery little 
buggers.  And the abuse I took … “Ethel, you left in a bone, look, there 
are two in this piece.  You really must have a care there, girl!  

M - Sometimes they serve up a good cauldron stew on Solstice Days, but it isn't 
as good.  

C - You can't get newts of any quality now a days anyway; probably something to 
do with global warming,

M -  they have a tendency to be less firm, more chewy.  Nothing tastes the same.

E - the things those two put me through …. I remember returning with a dragon 
scale one day … 

C - you know, it's hard to get a good cauldron these days … the metal isn't 
right … takes years to get the proper scum adhering to it.  I pity those poor 
witches starting out now …I really do....

E -  (with an "excuse me, I was talking expression) and it wasn't until I was 
about to add it that one of them said “hang on … this is a scale from a 
dragon's wing … if you want a truly potent soup, you have to use a belly 
scale.  Off you go, girl, we'll wait here while you fetch it."

(a moment of silence ... they haven't been together for a while)

C - (rubs her hands and her thumbs …)
drat .. the old thumbs are pricking again.  When I was young I thought it was 
An Important Portent … but I met a wonderful doctor who is an expert on 
immune systems and I'm almost always symptom free now.  As long as I take my 
medication, of course.  

M - Those were heady years.

E - Really .. I don't miss those apprentice days at all, I tell you.

C - killing swine

E - finding enough newt eyes

M - forging thunder

E - those damn fenny snakes

M - withering interesting parts of men

E - milking toads for venom

C - drying up cows milk

E - getting the wool off those stupid bats.  

M - and we were famous 

C - in our way

M - Of course, Mr. Shakespeare got it wrong, but, to be fair, we did play with 
the story a bit. The man was so gullible! 

C - Remember?  The two of us (remembers Ethel was there too) the three of us 
taking turns and telling him the most outrageous tales and he would just nod 
his head sagely and write his notes. 

M - We couldn't believe it when that play of his was such a hit.  

E - AND he never offered us any credit or a share of the take either.  Or any 
royalties. That's the English for you .. very mean.

C -  Oh Ethel, you were always gullible.  What did you expect?    I never did 
trust that Mr. Shakespeare one bit – he was too nosey by half.  Always poking 
his nose into people's business.  But Macbeth!

E – Macbeth?

M – Macbeth.  I remember the first time we saw him.  We were gathered for our 
spa weekend …

E -   Oh yes, we were on our spa weekend.  Well their spa weekend, I didn't 
have much time for anything then … “fetch the water, Ethel”, “build up 
the fire, Ethel”, “Did you bring the Moon Eclipse Cream for our feet, 
Ethel?” 

C – I had been busy killing swine and Meredith was cursing a sailor's wife 
who hadn't shared her chestnuts.  She  didn't have enough goat gall to conjure 
up a really good wind, so I was giving her some of mine .

E – that was the first time I tried to conjure wind

M – and Ethel tried to give me some wind but made the same old stupid mistake 
 …. I was popping tums for weeks …...   anyway, suddenly, there in the 
clearing were these men.  Rather dishy men, I will say.  You know I always had 
a fancy for men in the mist – they remind me of gorillas -  there's nothing 
quite like it.

E – Oh yes, these men appeared and they looked at us and called us horrible 
hags!  Meredith was quite upset … she's always been the pretty one!

M – They spoiled it by using the “h” word.  I mean, I know I was between 
perms, but there was really no need to be rude.

C - “Hag” they called us.  I knew that Meredith would never let that one go.

M – Well, you don't call me a hag and get away with it.  I was about to blast 
him.  Turning him into a toad would have been too good for the lout.  I was 
thinking of making him one of those bacteria that cause stomach flu.  See how 
he felt about being sent through the gastrointestinal track.  Would have served 
him right.  But Carolyn just shakes her head.  She's more subtle than that.  

C – I don't care what people say about me, but we couldn't have Meredith 
upset, it would have spoiled our nice weekend.  I was really looking forward to 
trying those centipede compresses for my eyes

E - (as an aside)  and to not having to gather any ingredients or brew any 
potions.  She had me to do it for her.

C -  But you can't relax if you are stuck in a forest with an ageing witch who 
is bemoaning her loss of looks.  I needed to distract her.  I really didn't 
care how I did it.  And you can always count on a nervy man's vanity.   I 
planted a few suggestions and I had Macbeth hooked .. wanting to see how things 
came out.  A little bit like “who shot JR” - but with more castles and mist.

E – I have to hand it to Carolyn, she's the mistress of suggestion.  
Prophesizes to Macbeth that he'll be king.  Prophesizes to Banquo that he'll 
father kings.   And all with this mysterious persona.  Watching her was 
amazing.  Without make up or props, she just stooped a bit and became this 
grisly old thing.  She really should be on stage.

C - so I hunched up a bit, dropped my voice and got all dramatic and started 
hailing him ... "All hail, Macbeth! hail to thee, thane of Glamis! "

M – Carolyn can be inspired sometimes.  And she's so efficient.  We didn't 
have to curse him, or go to all the trouble of turning him into a tadpole, or 
make up a potion ... you just planted some suggestions and watched all those 
men start fighting and murdering each other.  I don't know how you do it ... it 
really is a gift.

C –  (in an aw shucks kind of way) Yes ... well  I am proud of my small part 
in it.  Macbeth was dense but in the wrong way.  

The moment I saw them I realized that it would all end in disaster.  There is, 
after all, a reason that the monarchy is hereditary.   You need a special kind 
of stupidity to be a monarch …. something bred in the bone.

The typical commoner has an imagination.  “What will happen if the crops 
don't do well this year?”  “My family will starve.”

Kings don't have the imagination to envision failure; its an innate genetic 
deficiency .  Ask a king “what will happen if you lose this battle” and 
he'll answer “but, good woman, we will not.  We will ride on to glorious 
victory”  

Stupid, all of them.  No imagination.  Of course, to give them credit, they 
probably don't need an imagination... they either win or die, and an 
imagination might take up too much space in their brains.

Macbeth wasn't cut out to be king.  Too nervy, too much imagination.  

E - well he was certainly rude to us. We are not "black and midnight hags"

M - Its not as if Lady Mac was any great shakes.  Nose was waaaaayyyy too long 
and she had that sort of inbred horsey look.  Nervous type.   Constantly 
nattering at him, apparently.   It was her idea to get Macbeth to kill the 
king.”  Unstable, that's what she was.  Well, she topped herself, didn't she? 
After all that you would think that he's appreciate a woman with a bit more 
flesh, with a bit of …. earth mother to her.

C - well, he did get a nudge from us

E – hey, don't blame me!  I was only an apprentice.  I hadn't gotten to the 
chapter on “predicting the future” yet.  If people say that the witches 
lead Macbeth on to kill Duncan with their predictions, I can only say that it 
was you  two.

C – Now Banquo was another case.  Stupidity itself.  No wonder we saw that 
he'd spawn future kings.  He had no imagination.  For example, he sees the King 
has been murdered, he knows of the predictions.  Does he think, “maybe 
Macbeth had a hand in this”?  No, he gives his sword to his son because he's 
having bad dreams.  An idiot, just right for fathering kings to be.

E – you know what gets me with all of this?  Lady Mac incites Macbeth to 
murder the king.  Banquo suspects but doesn’t' say anything.   Macbeth kills 
Banquo and a host of others, and we witches are considered the evil ones of the 
play.

C - Lady Mac is mad, Banquo is a poor ghost, and Macbeth is a tragic hero.

M - All we did is eat a few toads eyes and a bit of bat wool.  

E - I suspect it's the environmentalists behind all this.

Ladies?  Luncheon is served ....



  





