  Witches from McB

Merideth – the pretty one
Carolyn – the Clever one
Ethel – the other one

Three spots on the thee women – each talking to the audience and unaware of 
each other

M – remembering ….
Now let's see ….. I think it was …
Eye of newt, and toe of frog,
Wool of bat, and tongue of  … can't remember now ...

but then, I never did much of the cooking

C -  Oh, I remember it well … of course it was …
Eye of newt, and toe of frog,
Wool of bat, and tongue of dog,
Fillet of a fenny snake, 
In the cauldron boil and bake;
then … umm 
Adder's fork, and blind-worm's sting,? (I left that part to Ethel)  
Lizard's leg, and howlet's wing,--?

I haven't thought of that recipe in years ….. mmmm ….. yummy

E - What do you want to know about those old recipes for?  I just drive though 
McDonalds these days.  Besides, have you ever tried to fillet a fenny snake? 
Slippery little buggers.  And the abuse I took … “Ethel, you left in a 
bone, look, there are two in this piece.  You really must have a care there, 
girl!  How do you expect to pass your witch upper levels if you don't take a 
care?”

M - Sometimes they serve up a good cauldron stew on Solstice Days, but it isn't 
as good.  But then, you can't get newts of any quality now a days anyway; 
probably something to do with global warming, they have a tendency to be less 
firm, more chewy.  Oh well, nothing tastes the same.

E - the things those two put me through …. I remember returning with a dragon 
scale one day … 

C - you know, it's hard to get a good cauldron these days … the metal isn't 
right … takes years to get the proper scum adhering to it.  I pity those poor 
witches starting out now …I really do....

E - and it wasn't until I was about to add it that one of them said “hang on 
… this is a scale from a dragon's wing … if you want a truly potent soup, 
you have to use a belly scale.  Off you go, girl, we'll wait here while you 
fetch it.

C - (rubs her hands and her thumbs …)
drat .. the old thumbs are pricking again.  When I was young I thought it was 
An Important Portent … but fortunately I met a wonderful doctor who is an 
expert on immune systems and I'm almost always symptom free now.  As long as I 
take my medication, of course.  Oh yes, those were heady years.

E - Stupid old biddies .. I don't miss those apprentice days at all, I tell you.

M - Of course, Mr. Shakespeare got it wrong, but, to be fair, we did play with 
the story a bit.  I mean the man was so gullible! The three of us took turns 
telling him the most outrageous tales and he would just nod his head sagely and 
write his notes. We couldn't believe it when that play of his was such a hit.  
AND he never offered us any credit or a share of the take either.  Or any 
royalties. That's the English for you .. very mean.

C - I never did trust that Mr. Shakespeare one bit – he was too nosey by 
half.  Always poking his nose into people's business.  But Macbeth!

E – Macbeth?

M – Macbeth.  I remember the first time we saw him.  We were gathered for our 
spa weekend …

E -   Oh yes, we were on our spa weekend.  Well their spa weekend, I didn't 
have much time for anything then … “fetch the water, Ethel”, “build up 
the fire, Ethel”, “Did you bring the Moon Eclipse Cream for our feet, 
Ethel?” 

C – I had been busy killing swine and Meredith was cursing a sailor's wife 
who hadn't shared her chestnuts.  She  didn't have enough goat gall to conjure 
up a really good wind, so I was giving her some of mine .

E – that was the first time I tried to conjure wind

M – and Ethel tried to give me some wind but made the same old stupid mistake 
 …. I was popping tums for weeks …...   anyway, suddenly, there in the 
clearing were these men.  Rather dishy men, I will say.  You know I always had 
a fancy for men in the mist – they remind me of gorillas -  there's nothing 
quite like it.

E – Oh yes, these men appeared and they looked at us and called us horrible 
hags!  Meredith was quite upset … she's always been the pretty one!

M – but then they spoiled it by using the “h” word.  I mean, I know I was 
between perms, but there was really no need to be rude.

C - “Hag” they called us.  Right away I knew that Meredith would never let 
that one go.

M – Well, you don't call me a hag and get away with it.  I took one look at 
Carolyn and she saw I was about to blast him.  Turning him into a toad would 
have been too good for the lout.  I was thinking of making him one of those 
bacteria that cause stomach flu.  See how he felt about being sent through the 
gastrointestinal track.  Would have served him right.  But Carolyn just shakes 
her head.  She's more subtle than that.  She uses psychology.

E – I have to hand it to Carolyn, she's the mistress of suggestion.  Suggests 
to Macbeth that he'll be king.  Suggests to Banquo that he'll father kings.  
Watching her was amazing.  Without make up or props, she just stooped a bit and 
became this grisly old thing.  She really should be on stage.

C – Now I don't care what people say about me, but we couldn't have Meredith 
upset, it would have spoiled our nice weekend.  I was really looking forward to 
trying those centipede compresses for my eyes and to not having to gather any 
ingredients or brew any potions for a time.  But you can't relax if you are 
stuck in a forest with an ageing witch who is bemoaning her loss of looks.  I 
needed to distract her.  I really didn't care how I did it.  And you can always 
count on a nervy man's vanity.   Plant a few suggestions and I knew I'd have 
Meredith hooked .. wanting to see how things came out.  A little bit like 
“who shot JR” - but with more castles and mist.

E – So Carolyn starts with the “hail”s, and the rest of us just follow 
along.

M – Carolyn can be inspired sometimes.  And she's so efficient.  I mean we 
didn't have to curse them, or turn them into anything, or make up a potion ... 
she just had to plant some suggestions and watch how it all came out.  I don't 
know how she does it ... it really is a gift.

C –  But things didn't turn out as they did just because of a stupid man 
saying a stupid thing, or because of any suggestion I made .. though I am proud 
of my small part in it.  Macbeth was dense but in the wrong way.  

The moment I saw them I realized that it would all end in disaster.  There is, 
after all, a reason that the monarchy is hereditary.   You need a special kind 
of stupidity to be a monarch …. something bred in the bone.

The typical commoner has an imagination.  “What will happen if the crops 
don't do well this year?”  “My family will starve.”




Kings don't have the imagination to envision failure; its an innate genetic 
deficiency .  Ask a king “what will happen if you lose this battle” and 
he'll answer “but, good woman, we will not.  We will ride on to glorious 
victory”  

Stupid, all of them.  No imagination.  Of course, to give them credit, they 
probably don't need an imagination... they either win or die, and an 
imagination might take up too much space in their brains.

Macbeth wasn't cut out to be king.  Too nervy, too much imagination.  

M - I mean, its not as if Lady Mac was any great shakes.  Nose was waaaaayyyy 
too long and she had that sort of inbred horsey look.  Nervous type.   
Constantly nattering at him, apparently.  “If you thought about my feelings 
you would let me get a new gown.  If you were proud of me you would buy me a 
splendid horse.  If you loved me you would kill the king.”  Unstable, that's 
what she was.  Well, she topped herself, didn't she? You would think that he's 
appreciate a woman with a bit more flesh, with a bit of …. earth mother to 
her.

E – hey, don't blame me!  I was only an apprentice.  I hadn't gotten to the 
chapter on “predicting the future” yet.  If people say that the witches 
lead Macbeth on to kill Duncan with their predictions, I can only say that it 
was the other two.

C – Now Banquo was another case.  Stupidity itself.  No wonder we saw that 
he'd spawn future kings.  Oh he was thought to be a clever man, but that was 
just because he had a code and never strayed from it. He had no imagination.  
For example, he sees the King has been murdered, he knows of the predictions.  
Does he think, “maybe Macbeth had a hand in this”?  No, he gives his sword 
to his son because he's having bad dreams.  An idiot, just right for fathering 
kings to be.

E – you know what gets me with all of this?  Lady Mac spurs Macbeth on to 
kill the king.  Banquo suspects but doesn’t' say anything.   Macbeth then 
kills Banquo and a host of others, and we witches are considered the evil ones 
of the play.

Lady Mac is mad, Banquo is a poor ghost, and Macbeth is a tragic hero.

All we did is eat a few toads eyes and a bit of bat wool.  

I suspect it's the environmentalists behind all this.

  





