Wolfgang (Red Riding Hood)

Come in my darlings,  come in ..... excuse me for not getting up .... I just 
don't have a lot of energy these days.  Do make yourself comfy over there .. 
just pull things up.  Oh do be careful of the Wedgwood bowl there, it's a gift 
from an old friend ... wouldn't want an accident now, would we?

Cup of tea? No?  Well you don't mind if I go on with mine now, do you? Lapsang 
Souchong ..always been my favourite.... oh .... I remember now,  you're here 
for that dreary little story about the wood cutter, aren't you?    I really 
don't know why everyone got so upset about it.  Alls well that ends well, yes?  
Very well, children, make yourselves comfortable.  Cozy?  Good.  Well, this is 
nice, isn't it?  Just us girls together.

As I told the courts, it wasn't a burglary or a home invasion, I mean, I'm not 
the type.  Can you see me all dressed in dreary black and picking a lock?  
Preposterous.  It was merely an exploratory excursion into some very fine 
linens.   You know I really don't know why everything went sideways on me that 
day ... I mean, I've always been the kind that plans so well, and who likes 
things just so.  So unfortunate.  But there is just no wrestling with fate and 
I really don't see how I could have foreseen how things would go.

I had it all planned out so well; being spring and everything.  Granny had done 
her spring cleaning and I'd seen all her lovely, lovely nighties out on the 
line and I knew they were washed and fresh.

Anyway, on the day in question, I slipped through the forest and arrived at 
Grannie's door rather mid- morning, wouldn't want to upset the poor dear, would 
I?  I entered to find her in bed ... Grannie often stayed in bed when there 
wasn't a reason to get up.

“Granny!”, I said, “what are you doing in bed?  It's Thursday, senior's 
day at Wendys.”

“I thought it was Wednesday”, she says

“No, Thursday,” say I, “now you get yourself dressed and hurry down 
there.  Wouldn't want to miss all that free coffee now, would you?”

Actually it was Wednesday, but I needed her out of the house.  I would have 
done my .. um..... exploring, on a Thursday, as Granny is always out at Wendy's 
on Seniors Day, but she has a girl in on those days, you see, to tidy and to 
leave things for her.  I just wanted her out of the way for an afternoon and no 
interruptions.

Anyway, never one to waste the opportunity to save a dollar, Granny hops out of 
bed and readies herself and pretty soon I see her limping away with her cane, 
off to town to take advantage of all that free caffeine.  I figured I'd have 
the whole afternoon to myself .. oh, lovely, lovely thought.

The first thing I did was strip all those nasty polyester/cotton sheets off the 
bed and put on Granny's Egyptian cotton ones .. you can feel quality .... and 
then I went to the cedar chest and just salivated.  Really there was an 
embarrassment of choice.  Silk nighties with Venetian lace, peignoirs by Dior, 
and cutest little bustiers, it took some time to decide.   Of course these were 
rather old fashioned by then.  Granny must have had one of those lingerie 
parties when she got married and most of those lovely, lovely things had never 
been worn.   Granny washed them once a year and then packed them all away 
again, I suppose ... such a shame.

I settled on a little silk number, with peak a boo lace and small pearl 
buttons, a little off the shoulder tease, oh, just thinking about the silk 
against my fur makes me growl with pleasure, and I made myself a cup of tea 
with Granny's very best Royal Doulton and climbed into her bed.

I've always loved nice things about me and no matter how many votives one uses, 
a wolf den is still a wolf den .. just has no flair!  And Granny's family had 
been rather well off.   I just sipped my tea and luxuriated in those sheets and 
felt that exquisite lace against me.  Such a beautiful memory.

Well after a while I began to get a bit peckish and went out to see what Granny 
had in her cupboards.  Nothing of quality I realized and was thinking I'd have 
to do with a nice cup of really strong coffee and some Peek Freens  when I 
heard someone at the door.

“Granny, Granny, are you home?”

It was that little Red Riding Hood brat, and I almost made up my mind to bolt 
the door and not let her in, when it came to me that she might have something 
good to eat in that basket of hers.  Some petite fours, or a lovely gateau, all 
filled with cream and chocolate .. so, I snuggled back into bed and pulled up 
the sheets.

The little brat let herself in immediately and started to prattle.  What is it 
about children that they think their stories are the least bit interesting?    
The child made herself at home, wandered around the room, tracking in dirt, 
assuming she was welcome.   I kept as still as possible, hoping she'd just 
leave the basket and go, that I could convincingly fake a coma, but eventually 
she realized that there wasn't much response and came up to the bed.

“Grandma” she said, “what big eyes you have”

“The better to see you with, my dear” I croaked, thinking “go away!  go 
away!

“Grandma”, she said, “what big ears you have”

“Hasn't your mother told you not to make personal remarks, young lady?”  I 
snapped, but young people are so self absorbed.

“Grandma,” she said, “what big teeth you have”, and she actually poked 
my incisors, cheeky little minx.  

“GET OUT OF THIS HOUSE AND LET ME HAVE A BIT OF QUIET”  I yelled at her, 
and she dropped the basket and ran.

Now you know there are all those wild stories about wolves eating babies and 
children,  but really, can you see me doing anything like that?  I mean, 
they're so sticky.  Well, maybe, with a bit of marinating, after being rubbed 
with garlic and with a sprig of mint ... probably taste just like chicken.. but 
a lot more trouble ... no I don't think I'd bother.

Anyway, I was just exploring the basket, (chocolate eclairs, very nice), and 
thinking of brewing myself some really strong coffee, when the door crashed 
open and filling the doorway was the dishy-ist woodcutter I had ever seen.  For 
a moment I thought my day was going to be just perfect!  

“Well, hello, big fellow,” I crooned, “want some chocolate?  I seem to 
have an eclair here with your name on it.  By the way, what is your name?”

By way of an answer he stepped into the room and swung the axe.  

Such a lovely Pembroke table ... that mark will be on it forever, I'm sure 
Granny is still cross about it.

Anyway there was quite a chase, him swinging the axe and me running around the 
furniture, trying to stay out of the way.  At one point he knocked over a side 
table.  Just NO finesse.  Well, I was almost to the door at that point but I 
couldn't help myself.  I stopped and turned and shouted, “You moron, those 
are Murano figures you just smashed, completely irreplaceable.  I hope you're 
happy .. and I hope you can convince Granny not to sue.”  

The man must have been an idiot, he looked at me with complete incomprehension, 
and then he came at me with the axe again!  One track mind, really.

So it wasn't the lovely day I was planning ... and I haven't been back to see 
Granny since then, because I'm sure she's a bit cross with me that she was 
required to pay for her coffee at Wendy's that Wednesday.  Still it wasn't a 
complete waste of a day.   

You see, I was still wearing that little nightie with the pearls, and even 
though the stains will never come out of the silk, in all the confusion this 
teacup got hooked to one of the buttons ... something I didn't discover until I 
got back to the den.  Now, are you sure you don't want any tea?  I indulge 
myself every afternoon at just this time ....

Lapsang Souchong.... just love that smoky flavour .....

