Anastasia -  (Cinderella)

Well, don't just stand there, gawking through the door ... if you want to see 
the place come in.  That's right, come in.  I have nothing to hide.  Tourists,  
you must be tourists

Happy now? 

Yes, this is the childhood kitchen of "Queen Cinders" ... I suppose one should 
say Queen Ella.  And no, we never called her “Cinderella” as the tabloids 
say.  We called her Cinders .. because she was always sooty.  Came from forever 
huddling near the fire.

I know what you are thinking .. absolutely no resemblance between the two of 
us.  I'm a big woman, I was a big girl ..... wide,  tall, just like my sister 
and my mother.  We're a big family, and we aren't ashamed of it.  And Cinders, 
dainty, tiny Cinders was a step sister .. her father married my mother .. we 
aren't related by blood .. Oil and water, people from two different planets ... 

Just around the time of the marriage, the magazines wanted to do one of those 
special editions about our place ... "the horrid hovel where our princess spent 
her youthful years" .. one of those pity articles .. but Cinders was never keen 
,,. young Prince Charming might have changed his little mind. He was always 
flighty .. I mean he fell "desperately in love" over a few dances and after a 
lot of champagne. You don't exactly get a lot of talking done on the dance 
floor.

Yes, yes, yes. This is the hearth where our "poor queen" huddled near the fire, 
that's her tiny stool .. all very touching.

But I'll tell you, it wasn't so touching when we were teens, when we were 
growing up.  Cinders was always full of pique ... she didn't HAVE to sleep in 
the fireplace.  She didn't like to climb the stairs with her misshapen feet .. 
and this damn house has always been cold.   And it was because we were paying 
for her orthopaedic shoes that there wasn't enough coal in the winter.

You didn't know she wore orthopaedic shoes?

Well, how do you think Mr. Charming found the right girl with that glass 
slipper? You don't think there are plenty of women with size 5 1/2 feet in this 
kingdom?   Those glass slippers were made to fit Cinders' feet .. which means 
they would fit no one else - her feet have a very particular shape.

It was a problem from birth ... she doesn't like to talk about.

No, it was always Cinders, with her consumptive chest and her weird shaped 
feet, and her allergies. My god the girl had allergies. Couldn't eat potatoes, 
couldn't eat bread, couldn't eat turnips, or porridge. The girl couldn't eat 
anything that was cheap and kept on the weight in the winter. That's why she 
was so slender. The place was cold, and she never ate anything. Liked 
strawberries, though. Used to whine for them, constantly.. "I can't EAT this! 
Why can't you get some strawberries. If my father were alive HE would get me 
strawberries." I hear she has chocolate dipped strawberries for breakfast every 
morning and I notice that her clothes aren't exactly falling off her these 
days. Oh well, we're all not as young as we were.

Mother tried, she really did. Especially just after Cinder's dad died. 

Cinders father ... he was something. He SAID he had money, and I suppose he 
did, but he also liked a good drink, and once he moved into mother's house, he 
could sell his own and drink away all the profits. Every notice how Cinders 
refers to her "poor dead father ... gone before his time" but doesn't say how 
he died? Personally I think it was cirrhosis of the liver. 

After he'd gone we had his debts and his whinging daughter. Drucella and I knew 
what she was going through. She wasn't the only one who lost a father in her 
young life ... but she was always the drama queen. No one had a father like 
her; no one had ever suffered as she suffered.  And being so tiny and slender 
the “waif look” suited her.  That girl could look coy and enticing in a 
burlap sack.  Sometimes I think she went out of her way to look forlorn and 
kittenish so the neighbours would feel sorry for her.  


What really hurts is how she treated mother after the marriage. Oh we were 
invited to the wedding, but were seated as far back as possible. I believe she 
arranged that Drucella and I were to be kept off the dance floor at the 
reception .... I mean, you'd have thought that someone would have asked the 
queen to be's sisters to dance. But no, Drucella and I sat there all evening, 
at the edge of the dance floor, with sickly smiles pasted to our faces.  
Everyone passed us by without even a look.  It was humiliating. 

And since the wedding ... one invite to the castle a year. It got to be that 
mother didn't want to show her face in the neighbourhood.

When the old king died it was the last straw.  We attended the coronation 
though we were in the very back.  Had to stand.  Not even a stool for poor 
mother.  We watched a triumphant Cinders get crowned.  She was already getting 
porky back then, but she had a marvellous designer ..... did you notice those 
gems sewn ever so cunningly to give her a more vertical line?

Anyway, she received the crown, then turned to wave at the crowd. And she 
locked eyes with me.  Of all the people in that place, she sought out me.  Then 
Drucilla, then mother.  She stared at each of us ... with enmity, with malice.  
 And we knew she was never going to let things settle between us. 

The next day Drucella and Mother packed up and went on an extended "tour" of 
watering places. They've never been back.

I'm made of sterner stuff. I go about my business, and completely ignore the 
fact that the queen is my step sister. I let things slide.

But I've won, you know. Because I'm always on her mind. All I have to do is 
emerge from the house for a few days wearing something shabby and a bundle of 
clothes appear. Our gracious queen, who has become increasingly less popular, 
can't afford to have the tabloids write about the queen's sister in dire need.

So I get these parcels. Clothes that are good, but not too good. Money enough 
for my wants. I'm always on her mind.

But really, I seldom, if ever think of her .... 

hardly ever ....


 Gingema  - WW of the East – (Wizard of Oz)
 
Do you know the best thing about heaven?  It's quiet.  Oh, heavenly, heavenly 
quiet.
 
This place just roars with quiet,  shrieks with stillness, trumpets 
tranquillity.  After my life with the little guys it is pure heaven ... 
 
oh, yeah, well it IS heaven, isn't it?  Silly me!
 
When I first got here, and believe me, I was surprised as anyone to find myself 
in heaven, I had this fear that the place would be rampant with harp music.  I 
mean, it would be better than Munchkin songs, but how much incessant music can 
one take?  There were days in Munchkin land when I really thought I was losing 
my sanity.  "One more quaffing song" I'd think, "and I'll bash the lot of you!"
 
But now ...I sit leisurely on those clouds over there or wander around the 
Pearly Gate parking lot and enjoy things.  Ahhh ... simple pleasures. Simple.
 
Well, I had SIMPLE pleasures back in Oz.  There is nothing so simple as a 
Munchkin.  What is it about little people .. they don't know how to grow up?  
They just look up at you with those big blue eyes and expect you to take care 
of everything:  laws, libraries, laundrettes, lotteries.  I opened them all, 
then made laws about them and had to oversee things.  All they did was dance 
around and get in the way.  And they drink, I tell you, a Munchkin can put away 
twice his weight in ale and not show it.  Except to get really, really 
mean. A drunken Munchkin is one mean customer.
 
The Munchkins.  They were the real cause of my death.  I know everyone says 
it was that house falling down, but if I had been looking up, or even walking 
properly, I would have seen it.
 
But you don't look up when you live amongst little people.  You spend your 
time navigating their annoying wiggling walks, and trying not to trip over 
their children.   When I turned 35 I looked at myself in the mirror and saw a 
crone.  It wasn't because my face was old, or because of wrinkles.  But I was 
stooped, and worn down from governing.  Besides, years of watching your feet 
makes your spine turn downward.
 
Yes, yes, I know.  People say I looked down to watch my ruby slippers, and 
they did go SO well with my black skirts .. just a twinklin', and glistenin'.  
Next to Glinda's spring outfits, the Ruby slippers were the brightest thing in 
all of Munchkin Land.  I did love them.  They say you can't take it with you 
.. but I would have LOVED to have brought them along.  Of course, they never 
looked their best with those damn striped stockings.
 
You see, every year, on Munch Munch Day - don't ask, it was always ghastly -  
I had to accept the annual Tribute From The People.  And every year some class 
was assigned to knitting me these damned stockings.  You never knew what the 
colour scheme would be that year, and whatever they did, the dropped stitches 
drooped and the frightful colour combinations completely clashed with the Ruby 
Slippers.
 
When I was a teen I put up a fuss.  "you couldn't pay me to wear that stuff" I 
declared to my mother... but when you rule a kingdom you do a lot of things you 
would rather not.
 
By the way I'm called "Wicked" because, on my inaugural Tribute Day; when I 
accepted the first gruesome set of stockings I smiled graciously and said "Good 
people of Munchkin Land.  I thank you for your beautiful present.  I shall 
wear these with pride when I think of the love they carry..... I fact I will 
look wicked in them!"
 
Of course the papers got things out of context.  "New ruler promises to be 
wicked - wicked witch of the east" screamed the headlines.  Stupid. Now I'm in 
heaven I wear any socks I damn well please.
 
Oh, but I was talking about the house, wasn't I.  
 
Well, the Day of My Demise was sunny.  I was doing my usual stroll amongst the 
little people.. smiling sagely, tapping a few heads with my finger nails as I 
walked by.
 

THEY were all looking up at me and THEY scattered pretty quickly.  I was too 
concerned about the little tykes running through my legs and under my 
skirts.... I didn't have a chance.  Strange, not one of them yelled “look 
out”.. I don't know why.
 
Now there's one thing I need to make perfectly clear.  I NEVER, EVER stepped 
on a Munchkin child, no matter what the tabloids say.  Not that I didn't 
fantasize about it.  I mean those kids are so little and squeaky and loud.  I 
could have stamped on 'em with no trouble at all.
 
But, I AM, oh .. I WAS their sovereign.  To tell you the truth, I never 
allowed myself to step on one, no matter how much clatter they made, because I 
knew if I did it would be too hard to stop.  Sort of like popping bubble wrap 
.... a tiny surprised yelp and then delightful, blissful silence.  How could 
you resist doing just one more, and then one more after that?
 
No, I never stepped on them; though I did make a game of fantasizing what I 
would really like to say during all those speeches and songs I had to endure.  
The songs, the horrid, out of tune, repetitive songs, I hated those. I break 
out all cold and clammy just thinking of them.  

Anyway, as I stepped forward to take that year's terrible tights I would smile 
charmingly and think "I'd like to put that lollipop where the sun don't shine, 
boy".  Some of the more obnoxious ones saw the gleam in my eye and would back 
up suddenly.  One year some kid fell off the platform.  That was a good year.
 
I never did figure out how Elpha, that's my big sister,  the wicked witch of 
the west, ended up ruling the Winky kingdom with those hunky winged monkeys, 
and I was stuck with a bunch of midgets.
 
I always had a thing for those winged monkeys.  I certainly enjoyed their 
company when I was in Oz.  Elpha's favourite was  Nigel, the pecks on that 
boy!    Well, with all the flying he did, of course his chest muscles would 
be .... um .... developed.
 
Mother said to stay away from them.  They weren't really winged monkeys but 
sort of a Neanderthal offshoot that had developed wings instead of complex 
language.  Nigel wasn't one for iambic pentameter but his movements were pure 
poetry.  Oh yes, we had some fine times, did Nigel and me; ...... the wings 
on that boy.  And you know what they say a large wing span signifies .... 
 
Good thing Elpha didn't find out, she would have killed me.
 
Of course the house did that first.
 
Hey look over there .... don't be too obvious, just cast your eye. 

See that Sebalim over there?  He and I had sort of a thing going for a while 
... but then I found out that Sebalims are a kind of singing Angel and he's in 
a heavenly choir.  THAT was why he practised ALL the time.  He was great in 
the clouds, but I value my silence more.
 
I'm sort of dating a guard angel now... that's why I spend so much time in the 
Pearly Gate parking lot.  He's on duty there quite a bit.  He doesn't say 
much, but he's got a wing span that is ...well I don't want to brag. 

We're meeting in some heavy duty cloud cover in ..... oh just a few minutes .. 
gotta run.



  Witches from McB - (Shakespeare)

Merideth – the pretty one
Carolyn – the Clever one
Ethel – the other one

Three spots on the thee women – each talking to the audience and unaware of 
each other

M – remembering ….
Now let's see ….. I think it was …
Eye of newt, and toe of frog,
Wool of bat, and tongue of  … can't remember now ...

but then, I never did much of the cooking

C -  Oh, I remember it well … of course it was …
Eye of newt, and toe of frog,
Wool of bat, and tongue of dog,
Fillet of a fenny snake, 
In the cauldron boil and bake;
then … umm 
Adder's fork, and blind-worm's sting,? (I left that part to Ethel)  
Lizard's leg, and howlet's wing,--?

I haven't thought of that recipe in years ….. mmmm ….. yummy

E - What do you want to know about those old recipes for?  I just drive though 
McDonalds these days.  Besides, have you ever tried to fillet a fenny snake? 
Slippery little buggers.  And the abuse I took … “Ethel, you left in a 
bone, look, there are two in this piece.  You really must have a care there, 
girl!  How do you expect to pass your witch upper levels if you don't take a 
care?”

M - Sometimes they serve up a good cauldron stew on Solstice Days, but it isn't 
as good.  But then, you can't get newts of any quality now a days anyway; 
probably something to do with global warming, they have a tendency to be less 
firm, more chewy.  Oh well, nothing tastes the same.

E - the things those two put me through …. I remember returning with a dragon 
scale one day … 

C - you know, it's hard to get a good cauldron these days … the metal isn't 
right … takes years to get the proper scum adhering to it.  I pity those poor 
witches starting out now …I really do....

E - and it wasn't until I was about to add it that one of them said “hang on 
… this is a scale from a dragon's wing … if you want a truly potent soup, 
you have to use a belly scale.  Off you go, girl, we'll wait here while you 
fetch it.

C - (rubs her hands and her thumbs …)
drat .. the old thumbs are pricking again.  When I was young I thought it was 
An Important Portent … but fortunately I met a wonderful doctor who is an 
expert on immune systems and I'm almost always symptom free now.  As long as I 
take my medication, of course.  Oh yes, those were heady years.

E - Stupid old biddies .. I don't miss those apprentice days at all, I tell you.

M - Of course, Mr. Shakespeare got it wrong, but, to be fair, we did play with 
the story a bit.  I mean the man was so gullible! The three of us took turns 
telling him the most outrageous tales and he would just nod his head sagely and 
write his notes. We couldn't believe it when that play of his was such a hit.  
AND he never offered us any credit or a share of the take either.  Or any 
royalties. That's the English for you .. very mean.

C - I never did trust that Mr. Shakespeare one bit – he was too nosey by 
half.  Always poking his nose into people's business.  But Macbeth!

E – Macbeth?

M – Macbeth.  I remember the first time we saw him.  We were gathered for our 
spa weekend …

E -   Oh yes, we were on our spa weekend.  Well their spa weekend, I didn't 
have much time for anything then … “fetch the water, Ethel”, “build up 
the fire, Ethel”, “Did you bring the Moon Eclipse Cream for our feet, 
Ethel?” 

C – I had been busy killing swine and Meredith was cursing a sailor's wife 
who hadn't shared her chestnuts.  She  didn't have enough goat gall to conjure 
up a really good wind, so I was giving her some of mine .

E – that was the first time I tried to conjure wind

M – and Ethel tried to give me some wind but made the same old stupid mistake 
 …. I was popping tums for weeks …...   anyway, suddenly, there in the 
clearing were these men.  Rather dishy men, I will say.  You know I always had 
a fancy for men in the mist – they remind me of gorillas -  there's nothing 
quite like it.

E – Oh yes, these men appeared and they looked at us and called us horrible 
hags!  Meredith was quite upset … she's always been the pretty one!

M – but then they spoiled it by using the “h” word.  I mean, I know I was 
between perms, but there was really no need to be rude.

C - “Hag” they called us.  Right away I knew that Meredith wouldn't let 
that one go.

M – Well, you don't call me a hag and get away with it.  I took one look at 
Carolyn and she saw I was about to blast him.  Turning him into a toad would 
have been too good for the lout.  I was thinking of making him one of those 
bacteria that cause stomach flu.  See how he felt about being sent through the 
gastrointestinal track.  Would have served him right.  But Carolyn just shakes 
her head.  She's more subtle than that.  She uses psychology.

E – I have to hand it to Carolyn, she's the mistress of suggestion.  Suggests 
to Macbeth that he'll be king.  Suggests to Banquo that he'll father kings.  
Watching her was amazing.  Without make up or props, she just stooped a bit and 
became this grisly old thing.  She really should be on stage.

C – Now I don't care what people say about me, but we couldn't have Meredith 
upset, it would have spoiled our nice weekend.  I was really looking forward to 
trying those centipede compresses for my eyes and to not having to gather any 
ingredients or brew any potions for a time.  But you can't relax if you are 
stuck in a forest with an ageing witch who is bemoaning her loss of looks.  I 
needed to distract her.  I really didn't care how I did it.  And you can always 
count on a nervy man's vanity.   Plant a few suggestions and I knew I'd have 
Meredith hooked .. wanting to see how things came out.  A little bit like 
“who shot JR” - but with more castles and mist.

E – So Carolyn starts with the “hail”s, and the rest of us just follow 
along.

M – Carolyn can be inspired sometimes.  And she's so efficient.  I mean we 
didn't have to curse them, or turn them into anything, or make up a potion ... 
she just had to plant some suggestions and watch how it all came out.  I don't 
know how she does it ... it really is a gift.

C –  But things didn't turn out as they did because of any suggestion I made 
.. though I am proud of my small part in it.  Macbeth was dense but in the 
wrong way.  

The moment I saw them I realized that it would all end in disaster.  There is, 
after all, a reason that the monarchy is hereditary.   You need a special kind 
of stupidity to be a monarch …. something bred in the bone.

The typical commoner has an imagination.  “What will happen if the crops 
don't do well this year?”  “My family will starve.”




Kings don't have the imagination to envision failure; its an innate genetic 
deficiency .  Ask a king “what will happen if you lose this battle” and 
he'll answer “but, good woman, we will not.  We will ride on to glorious 
victory”  

Stupid, all of them.  No imagination.  Of course, to give them credit, they 
probably don't need an imagination... they either win or die, and an 
imagination might take up too much space in their brains.

Macbeth wasn't cut out to be king.  Too nervy, too much imagination.  

M - I mean, its not as if Lady Mac was any great shakes.  Nose was waaaaayyyy 
too long and she had that sort of inbred horsey look.  Nervous type.   
Constantly nattering at him, apparently.   It was her idea to get Macbeth to 
kill the king.  Unstable, that's what she was.  Well, she topped herself, 
didn't she? After all that you would think that he's appreciate a woman with a 
bit more flesh, with a bit of …. earth mother to her.

E – hey, don't blame me!  I was only an apprentice.  I hadn't gotten to the 
chapter on “predicting the future” yet.  If people say that the witches 
lead Macbeth on to kill Duncan with their predictions, I can only say that it 
was the other two.

C – Now Banquo was another case.  Stupidity itself.  No wonder we saw that 
he'd spawn future kings.  He had no imagination.  He sees the King has been 
murdered, he knows of the predictions.  Does he think, “maybe Macbeth had a 
hand in this”?  No, he gives his sword to his son because he's having bad 
dreams.  An idiot, just right for fathering kings to be.

E – you know what gets me with all of this?  Lady Mac incites Macbeth to 
murder the king.  Banquo suspects but doesn’t' say anything.   Macbeth kills 
Banquo and a host of others, and we witches are considered the evil ones of the 
play.

Lady Mac is mad, Banquo is a poor ghost, and Macbeth is a tragic hero.

All we did is eat a few toads eyes and a bit of bat wool.  

I suspect it's the environmentalists behind all this.


Lilith -  (Bible, Jewish Tradition)
(reading from a bible type book) 
“Now, God had set Adam to name every beast – and when they past in pairs 
before him Adam, being jealous of their loves, cried: 'Every creature but I has 
a proper mate', and prayed God would remedy this injustice. 
God then formed Lilith, the first woman, just as He had formed Adam. But Adam 
and Lilith never found peace together; for when he wished to lie with her, she 
took offence.  'Why must I lie beneath you?' she asked. 'I was made from dust, 
and am your equal.' Because Adam tried to compel her obedience by force, 
Lilith, in a rage, uttered the magic name of God, rose into the air and left 
him.” 
Oh these men, such drama queens. It wasn't like that at all. Hell, I quite like 
recumbent positions ... on certain days of the week.  And the time lines are 
all wrong too . They just don't pay attention to detail when they write those 
sweeping blockbusters.
You know, sometimes I feel I have a lot in common with the first Mrs. Ronald 
Reagan. Sometimes I wonder if she's sorry she didn't stay the distance, do the 
smiley first lady thing. Then I come to my senses and figure she was just 
grateful to have gotten away from that pompous windbag so easily.
It's not particularly fun to have one's name linked with demons  and succubi 
but it's not a disaster either,  let's face it, Eve's life was no picnic. 
Having to put up with the lout, and then being blamed for all of the sins of 
the world. I'd rather be known as a sexual predator.
She was a smart cookie, was Eve. Discovered quickly that Adam wasn't all that 
big in the brains department and had no imagination whatsoever. When she 
appeared he had probably named about 20 of the animals of the earth. And he 
wasn't too original. 
“Adam”, Eve would say gently, “great beast with yellow fur” could mean 
a lot of animals. Maybe we, I mean you, could come up with something a bit 
snappier. 
After a significant amount of thinking he'd come up with “Great beast with 
yellow fur and ruff?” 
“Better”, she'd say brightly, “but how about … um “Lion” It has a 
nice ring to it. Oh, my dear, you are so clever …. and the “Small round 
platter animal” could be called 'turtle'. “
“Tall plant with spiky leaves?” 
“Cactus”
The dance she had to do to make him think they were all his ideas. 
You can always spot the animals Adam named.... grasshopper, woodpecker, 
starfish, stickbug.  As I say, no imagination, and, wow, he was a lot of work.
Whenever she needed some down time, she's head off to visit me.
Oh yes, we'd get together for mead a couple of times a year when the boys were 
out hunting for sacrifices or some such macho thing. We got along well. We both 
knew the stresses of living with Adam, didn't have to talk about it, or if she 
did, I understood completely.  Every detail.  I was her refuge, where she could 
just relax and chill.  The place where there were no expectations or shoulds.
We had a lot in common. We both experienced the loss of our children. 
Well, of course I had children – those demons can be very attractive, you 
know. But I lost most of them.
You see, I was cursed when I refused the angels' polite “suggestion” that I 
return to the garden. I was holidaying here at the Red Sea at the time and told 
them I wouldn't even entertain the suggestion until I'd had a few weeks of R 
and R – and then Adam and I would have to sit down with an independent party 
before I would even consider a reconciliation.
But no – instead of giving my side any thought, the angel cursed me. Told me 
that, because of my insubordination, I was destined to see hundreds of my 
children and my children's children, die each year.
Lucky I was never very maternal.  I never actually raised a child .. just had 
them and handed them back to the demon. 
“You were happy enough to play”, I'd say, “now it's your turn to work. 
Believe me labour is called labour for a reason and I've done my part.”
But Eve wasn't like that ….. she lived for her children. 
She aged so much after she lost Abel.
He was the most gentle of boys.   I remember, when he was a teen.  Eve would 
sometimes bring him when she came to visit... get him away from the more brutal 
of his brothers. 
After she lost Abel; after the “unfortunate incident” which is what Eve 
always called it, her heart was broken.  I don't know how she managed to deal 
with Cain from then on.  I said to her, “what you need is a complete change.  
Come and live with me. You can even bring your children if you must. Leave the 
garden and old, cranky Adam and start fresh.”
But she wouldn't. Said the children needed a father.
“He won't even miss you.” I said, “He'll be too busy talking with 
Satan.”
I don't know why those two were such great buddies. I mean, Satan is a clever 
boots. But insecure. Very insecure.
I guess, once you mount a rebellion and lose, you always know that you're not 
quite good enough. So he kept Adam around to make himself feel superior. Which 
wasn't difficult, let me tell you.
That's when Eve started to self medicate. 
I swear I saw it happening.
I'm not sure how she figured it out how to devise a still, but after a while, 
no fruit tree in the garden was immune. When god got wind of it he said “no 
more fruit” 
But that woman could make alcohol out of anything. I'll never forget trying her 
cowslip wine. That last time she visited, it was all she brought.  That and 
her tears.
Still, her apple was the best, by far, and so much more potent than anything 
else she could devise. 
At first she could just pick a few here and there and they weren't missed … 
but addiction grows and pretty soon even a blind god would have figured it out. 
So he sent them out of the garden, thinking she would sober up and get clean.
Never happened. 
And I do miss her.
Me? Oh, I pretty much stick around the Red Sea these days. I mean, it's been my 
home for so very long.
Of course, I still visit some innocents at night, you can't be a succubus for 
so many years and then stop cold turkey. But I have to admit that I'm no longer 
even a cougar .. I'm definitely in the “dragon” category these days, which 
makes me sometimes think “eeeuuuuwww”
And demons aren't around as much as they once were either.
But I do like my view.
I spend a lot of my time looking at my view.

Carabosse  –  (Sleeping Beauty)

Right, let's get this part over with ... we all know I was not at my best the 
day the Beauty was christened.  And I know that it took me a while to figure 
that out ..... time ..... and a whole lot of sessions with my therapist.  So 
we've covered all that, okay?  We don't need to belabour it .. ....   we don't 
need to deal with family expectations and abandonment issues and the like.  
Been there, done that.

I used to lie in bed thinking of all the people in the world who hadn't been 
good to me and having  really good fantasies of how their lives wouldn't go.  
In my perfect fantasy world, I was happy … and everyone else was dead.

But after some therapy, I've come to change my mind about that … a bit.

I never was good at people, you see.  When you are a fairy godmother you don't 
get the choice.  No one says “go out there and find someone you really 
connect with.”  No, they have a roster, and they hand you a few names, a wand 
and off you go.   No training.  It's a big consortium; they also run the tooth 
fairy and the sand man franchises.  When I joined up they almost handed me a 
ladder and some quarters until they figured out I was in the wrong line.  
That's how much they care.

There's always been something cutesy about those who choose to be fairy 
godmothers.  I mean, take the gal who was given that Ella girl.  She could have 
arrived at the house with a coach and footmen, but she has to be all creative 
and ask for pumpkins and mice.  Showy type.  When I taxed her with it she says 
“well, you have to use some raw materials, you know, you can't make things up 
out of thin air!”

“oh yeah,” I said, “so where did you get those glass slippers?

That fixed her wagon.

Of course, she's the type who always score well on the evaluation sheets the 
clients fill out later.  I never do all that well on the evaluations. I'm not 
showy or dramatic.  And I'm DEFINITELY not a people person.  

I joined to please my mother; I really wanted to be a chartered accountant 
…but she insisted.   “They'll always be a job for fairy godmothers” she 
used to say, “there's always wishing in the world and with this new world 
economic downturn accountants are really going to get bad press.  What would 
people say?  We won't be able to show our faces in the neighbourhood.  You'll 
shame the family.  And besides you'll make people happy as a Fairy Godmother!  
Won't that be nice?”.  

Happy?  She doesn't know the half of it.  Clients are seldom happy.  It's the 
sense of entitlement they have that gets me.  They find out they have a fairy 
godmother and they start demanding the moon.  It's draining, it really is.   

They want three wishes and then try the “my first wish is that I have 
infinite wishes” stuff which they think is so clever.   The fine print took 
care of that years ago.  Then they kiss a frog to make a prince and complain 
about his bulging eyes and his clammy skin.  There's no pleasing them.   And 
they get all huffy.  

“this relationship just isn't working” they say.  

“Well tell it to get a paper route then” I tell them.  Relationships don't 
have to work, they just have to be got through.

But back to Beauty.   I knew there had been a mix up the moment I got there.  I 
mean, no one gets 12 fairy godmothers.  No one.   It was probably someone in 
the IT department, playing a joke and forgetting to reset the computer 
allocations later.

Still, I arrived to find 12 invited fairy godmothers and my shrink says my 
abandonment issues just rose unbidden; I couldn't help myself!  I didn't mean 
to wish her dead, mind you .. but I had been having those fantasies about me 
being happy and things just got out of hand.


The poor thing was just a little lump of white dough anyway, and there they 
were, competing to make her a doll, a perfect doll   Not a woman at all.  They 
just wouldn't stop.

She would be the most beautiful girl in the world, have the wit of an angel.  
She'd be wonderfully graceful, sing like a nightingale, dance elegantly, and 
play all kinds of instruments.

If I'd already been through counselling I might have offered her a body image 
she was comfortable with, or good math skills.  But I saw red .. then I saw the 
castle had been done up like a faux peasant cottage with tacky “down home” 
decorations, and there was a spinning wheel in the middle of the ballroom and I 
made that stupid prediction about her pricking her finger and dying.

I suppose it's lucky for me that the last fairy godmother hadn't given her gift 
yet.   She probably saved me from a few years in prison .. but really, to say 
she would sleep a hundred years and then waken with a kiss.  Showy, like them 
all.

Did she have any idea of the difficulty that girl would have?  One hundred 
years is a long time. Society changes.

I made sure I was around when the prince slashed through all those vines and 
kissed the girl.  You have to give him credit .. the people were all frozen, 
but the rest of the castle wasn't and place hadn't been cleaned in 100 years.  
The rat shit itself was enough to warn off almost anyone.   The smell of that 
place... unbelievable,not for the faint of heart.

Of course, they got married immediately, it was all so romantic,  how could 
they not?  The world press was on their heels . .. and Hollywood doesn't pay 
nearly as much for a sad ending as a happy one.  But it wasn't a happy match, 
not even in the beginning.

For one thing, Beauty hadn't been given intelligence and it takes a fine and 
flexible mind to make the jump of 100 years of change.  She was stuck in old 
fashioned mode and all the “hey nonnie, nonnie” songs she could sing and 
all the gavottes she could dance didn't make up for the fact that she and the 
prince had no common interests or history.  She'd never heard of Elivs Presley, 
the Beatles, or Guns and Roses, and that's not even considering the music of 
today.  Other girls her age thought she was a freak, and the world in general 
doesn't  look kindly on a 16 year old marrying, even if it is into monarchy.  

Of course they put on a good face in public, but it's pretty terrible in the 
privacy of the castle I hear.  No one in the castle wants to have anything to 
do with her so it seems that she's taken up spinning and weaving.  She's pretty 
much the pet of the “back to the earth, let's make all our own shapeless, 
home spun clothes” industry.  Of course she doesn't know a thing .. hadn't 
even seen a spinning wheel until the day of her 16th birthday.  Still, she's 
photogenic and demure and she does what she's told.  She's the darling of the 
press these days.

Of course, after that, I wasn't allowed anymore clients.  The consortium tried 
to cut me loose, but I hadn't signed just any contract with them … I'd been 
sure to read the small print and I knew my rights.  So, they put me in finance.

I'm head of the accounts department now... and, they say, not to be confused 
with a member of the human race.  

Now that makes me happy.



  








Magda (Hansel and Gretel)

(the *'s represent a personal repeating trait.  I envision this as a sniff, or 
a "tsk" sound that is a habit for the character.  It is up to the actor to 
devise what works for her)


*    .... *   ....... *...

Well I don't know why you're sitting there like that, just looking at me
 
I have absolutely nothing to say.

*
nothing.
*
A woman of my age, here, It's unheard of.  It really is.  Attempted murder .. 
so stupid, so very, very stupid.

*
I mean, it's not as if there weren't signs, clear for all to see.
"Please do not eat the gingerbread"
"Trespassers will be roasted" 

And not just one or two - all around.   You go back to the forest and see - 
they're everywhere

Of course, with all the publicity this trial has generated there probably 
aren't any left.  Souvenir hunters will have taken them.  The whole cottage has 
probably been eaten by now.

Years in the confectionery business, the victim of petty larceny and vandalism 
and I end up in prison .. I tell you, there is absolutely no justice in the 
world.

*

Oh yes, my family had a little bakery in the east; I grew up with the smell of 
yeast in my nostrils.  

Father had a way with fruit bread that was unbelievable.  He and mother worked 
all day.  Up early in the morning to set the loaves, serving all day in the 
shop and then mixing special icings and cleaning the place all evening.  The 
whole family was a slave to the business.

I was best at gingerbread, wafers, cookies that sort of things.  Always had a 
way with sweets.  A girl made of sugar and spice, that was me.

*  ....  *

Of course, mother and father didn't often let me serve behind the counter.  I 
just don't have a way with people.  The stupid things they ask ..
"is this bread fresh?"
"any egg and milk in this?  I can't eat eggs"

"then don't come into the shop" I'd tell them, 

Mother said I turned custom away. *

After they passed I did try to make a go of it on my own but it's too much work 
for one person and I really don't like being among people.

So I took a big breath, surveyed my assets and decided it would be best if I 
just moved away and spent my last days in solitude, enjoying the peace.


Of course, at first I didn't think I'd be able to afford it.  Have you SEEN the 
price of lumber these days?  But I don't have a way with gingerbread and icings 
for nothing.   

A bit of experimentation and I had a perfectly fine place that could withstand 
even the worst of the winter storms.
You don't know the bliss, after years of being at the beck and call of the 
public, to finally have a place where I could do as I liked.

I chose a place far, far off the trails.  Was perfectly happy by myself, in my 
cozy little house.

When this new fad of hiking started I had a premonition that things were going 
to turn out badly.  A few odd or sporty people would stumble across the cottage 
from time to time, but I could usually scare them away.
I kept an odd looking stick and a frightful hat by the door just in case.  I'd 
barge out of the door waving one and wearing the other and look as threatening 
as possible.

*  .....*

really, it was demeaning, but it was all I could think of.  Well, I could have 
used magic .. you don't bake all your life without picking up a bit of magic 
.... but whenever I cast a spell I have a headache for weeks.  Probably some 
sort of allergy to Latin.  Most of the spells I know use Latin.

*

One year I had a bad scare.  This cocky young thing arrives and tells me with 
pride that he is a researcher for something called the Lonely Planet and he'd 
like to include me in the latest addition.

"People from all over the world will be coming to your door" he says. “you 
could open a tea shop, make a little money.”

*

well, I really had no choice, did I?

*

I turned him into a frog. * He's probably still somewhere near the well - I 
lost track of him.  If you visit the place, he's the one with the perpetually 
surprised look on his face.  Green.  You can't miss him.

I had to take Zomig for weeks afterward .... my head was splitting.

* ....*

You know what's been so unfair about all of this?  No one has even investigated 
the parents.

No one has questioned the fact that they left those children in the woods not 
once, but twice.  

No one has considered how difficult it is to be perpetually repairing the 
gingerbread those two were eating.  Look at me, do I look like the kind of 
person who should be on a roof, replacing shingles?  At my age?  And I'm on a 
fixed income.  It's not as if Royal Icing is cheap to make.

*
Look, you may as well just go away, I said I didn't want to talk.

*
really, no comment, no comment at all

*....   *
 


Delilah - (Bible)

Well, this is a sign of age. This is what I've been reduced to. Talking instead 
of doing.  Now it is Delilah speaks, not Delilah acts.

Now I talk about my past. My job. My work. It was always my work.  

Yes, I was a spy, a spook, an operative, informer.  I've done some unsavoury 
things ..... but always on my own terms.  I've run my own career. Well, a woman 
has to, doesn't she? If she's not to be put out with the garbage when her looks 
fade. 

And I was beautiful, very beautiful. Enigmatic, sensual and exotic. And an 
agent.

But you want to hear about Samson and his hair.  I can talk of it … it was so 
long ago, and the affected nations have disappeared or changed beyond 
recognition. What does it all matter now? So much secrecy, so much deception. 
All for nothing. . 

The Samson case was straight forward, he got what he deserved.  

There have been times in my career when I had to think about what I was doing. 
When I had a twinge of conscious about the people I was deceiving .. but not 
with that one.

People don't tell you a lot about Samson. You hear of a man betrayed by a 
woman,  who lost his strength when she cut his hair.  I was that woman.

Why did I betrayed Samson?  He was mad, and dangerous.  Spoiled.  He considered 
himself one of "god's chose"  which meant he could act without conscience. 

If he saw a fine looking woman he told his parents to get her for him, if he 
wanted money he stole, power, he killed.  

His marriage ended badly - entirely his fault.  A  seven day bachelor party, a 
riddle that couldn't be answered.   Why didn't he just stick with endless 
rounds of “there was a young woman from Ashdod” and  dancing girls jumping 
out of large date cakes? 

His wife, poor girl ... She was doomed from the moment he set eyes on her …. 
He killed her  along with 30 luckless and rather stupid wedding guests when 
things didn't go as he planned.  They hadn't been married a week.   That was 
the beginning.

Samson always had a taste for slaying, but the wedding episode whetted his 
appetite. He killed the would be wedding guests, he burned down granaries, he 
set the tails of foxes alight, he grabbed the jawbone of a donkey and pummelled 
people to death. 

The man had some serious anger issues.   

The whole region was wondering how they could lock him up. What's that joke? 
May god bless and keep Judge Samson …. far away from us. No one could figure 
out what to do with him. He was too strong to be kept down, see, and his 
vengeance was absolute.

That's when they came to me.

I had a reputation for effectively dealing with hard cases. And it wasn't just 
the Philistines who were my contacts … there were some from the Jewish 
community as well. They knew a mad man when they saw one.

It was easy to seduce him. He was used to getting what he liked, so I made sure 
that he saw me, and that he wanted me. Getting him into bed was easy. But it 
takes more than that.  

Sometimes that's the issue. They say they'll die if they can't have you but, 
disappointingly, they never follow through.   It's all talk. 

They'll promise everything until you take them to bed, and then you have to 
work fast before they tire of you. But he was easy. A few simulated orgasms, 
some well placed compliments, and I had him. 

Still, mad people can be canny, and he didn't give his secrets up easily. 

“What's the secret to your strength?” I'd ask, as I stroked the muscled on 
his arms. “What makes you unbeatable” I'd enquire as I traced the tendons 
on his neck, “I want to know all about you” I'd purr as I played with the 
hair on his chest.

He lead me a merry chase …. told me a bunch of lies ...  but I kept at him, I 
persevered till he finally told me.. 

His strength came from his hair.

And I cut his locks off as he slept, I called the guard to bind him and I've 
never had any regrets. You can't go around acting immoral just because you 
think you are god's chosen.

If you ask me .. I'm the most moral person in that particular story. 

But no more for today .. you've made me tired with your questions.

I've spoken today with words. 

I spoke then with actions.

Then and now, I said, “enough”
Brangomar - (Snow White)

Okay, okay, okay, I would be the first to admit that I haven't been the best of 
step mothers and that stories have a glimmer of truth in them.  I'll even 
concede that I may have devised a way to get Snow White out of the palace for a 
bit.  But wicked?  Oh come on.

You try to live with all that sickly sweetness.  It may be charming at first 
.....but after a while ..... you just want to wipe that smile off her face.  
You want a tiny snit, a bit of a sulk, or even peevish, resentful adolescent 
silence, if only for a minute.

I remember her as a 3 year old;  I think that's how old she was when I married 
her father.  Three.  

“What I delightful little girl”, I recall thinking  ''that coal black hair, 
that snow white skin, she's going to be a looker.''  

And she was beguiling, as she ran around in her little pink princess frocks and 
her lacy white socks and her Mary Janes.   Always smiling; always singing.  

In a child those are lovely traits.  

It was when she became a teen that I started to worry about her.  No bad skin, 
no mood swings, no temper .. just those damn frilly frocks and a tendency to 
dance her way around the palace – as if she were sprinkling fairy dust on 
everyone she met.  Even the servants kept their distance when they could … 
someone that perpetually cheerful tends to look mad. 

I'm not vain, you know, not like the story says.  And it's not as if I am the 
only one in the kingdom with a talking mirror.  It's just one of those strange 
phenomenons which pop up from time to time in magical kingdoms.

Legend has it some wizard, long ago, was trying to energize a broomstick, and 
the spell ricocheted off a stone and fell into a mirror.  As you know, all 
mirrors are interconnected, so when one started to babble they all learned to 
chatter.  It took them some years to learn how to talk properly .... but now, 
you have a mirror in this kingdom, it speaks … and you would be wise to keep 
on its good side.

But that's another matter.

I was a looker when I married the king, I really was.  I'm sure you can see 
that.  But I'm getting older and I work hard to keep fit.  An hour a day in the 
gym, day in and day out. No exceptions.   My mirror and I have a kind of 
routine we go through.  At the end of each session, when I​'m hot and sweaty 
and all my muscles are screaming I lean over and mutter ''mirror, mirror, on 
the wall, who's the fairest of them all?''

and depending on his whim, the mirror gives me a sweet or smart ass reply.  We 
go back a long way, my mirror and I, we understand each other.

So it's completely false that I was angry when the mirror answered ''Snow 
White'' one spring morning.  Hell, if I were angry about that I'd be sending 
hit men after Cher, Madonna, and the little gal who runs the doughnut shop at 
the edge of town.

But I do admit that Snow White did get on my nerves.  While my mirror and I 
were working out, Snow White was sitting in front of hers and the two of them 
were singing duets.  All it needed was an adorable mouse or cricket to join 
them for a truly gag making moment.  Once Mr. Bluebird is sitting and singing 
on a shoulder there is no recourse short of a flame thrower.

I never asked a woodsman to take her to the forest and kill her.  But it was a 
nice spring morning and I thought it would do her good to have a bit of a scare.

''Take her into the woods and lose her for a while'' I told him.  ''Let her see 
what it's like to be cold, lost and hungry for a day''.

I never dreamed that the little miss would immediately be rescued by some 
dwarfs.  

But, hey, that didn't seem to be so awful either.  I mean, dwarfs have a bit of 
a reputation, you know.   I thought it might do her good to be shacked up with 
a bunch of randy little men for a bit. At the very least they would expect her 
to cook and clean, and, I mused, provide a bit of the rumpy bumpy as well.

But no.  Sweet Snow White landed in a cottage with seven apparently asexual and 
unusual dwarfs.  I mean, the guys whistle while they work.  Completely 
abnormal, I would have thought.

Still, it was nice to have her out of the palace for a few weeks.  Refreshing.  
No incessant singing and no relentless cheerfulness or perpetual Pollyanna 
dances in the courtyard every afternoon.  No sweet little animals helping her 
tie her scarves or holding up her skirts as she skipped around the pond.  
Everyone in the castle felt they could relax and be normal for a change.

It is completely untrue that I dressed up as an apple peddler to bring Snow 
White a poisoned apple.  Firstly I wouldn't have anything appropriate in my 
wardrobe and secondly, it really wouldn't have worked.  The likelihood  of me 
being able to talk with her and not be recognized is about as likely as one of 
those operas where men put on a mask to flirt with their wives and the women 
don't figure out who they are until the last act.  The second they opened their 
mouths they'd give themselves away.  Too bad, really.  If opera were true life, 
it would be over by Act 1, Scene 2.

No, I never meant to poison Snow White.  

But I heard rumours that she was preparing to come home and I just couldn't 
face all that cheerful ignorance again. 

I decided to put her to sleep for a little while, just until I could figure out 
a way to keep her from coming back.  

Not too hard, actually, to lace an apple with a roofie, and have it delivered 
by a peasant.   

I thought of it as a ...... time out; until I could make other arrangements.

Do you know how much organization it took to have a glass case just happen to 
be available for the dwarfs to store the sleeping princess?  How much scheming 
it took to get the prince over for a visit and to convince him to go hunting on 
precisely the right day and in the proper vicinity?

Well, I've always been clever.

They married almost immediately and went to live in his kingdom.   We visit 
once a year and I have to say I feel so sorry for the prince's mother.  I can 
see it in her eyes, the desperation that living with a clueless Pollyanna 
brings.  

Still, better her than me.

And now I visit the dwarfs frequently.  

Turns out they actually are a rather randy bunch.

They just prefer older women.


Wolfgang (Red Riding Hood)

Come in my darlings,  come in ..... excuse me for not getting up .... I just 
don't have a lot of energy these days.  Do make yourself comfy over there .. 
just pull things up.  Oh do be careful of the Wedgwood bowl there, it's a gift 
from an old friend ... wouldn't want an accident now, would we?

Cup of tea? No?  Well you don't mind if I go on with mine now, do you? Lapsang 
Souchong ..always been my favourite.... oh .... I remember now,  you're here 
for that dreary little story about the wood cutter, aren't you?    I really 
don't know why everyone got so upset about it.  Alls well that ends well, yes?  
Very well, children, make yourselves comfortable.  Cozy?  Good.  Well, this is 
nice, isn't it?  Just us girls together.

As I told the courts, it wasn't a burglary or a home invasion, I mean, I'm not 
the type.  Can you see me all dressed in dreary black and picking a lock?  
Preposterous.  It was merely an exploratory excursion into some very fine 
linens.   I really don't know why everything went sideways on me that day ...  
I've always been the kind that plans so well, and who likes things just so.  So 
unfortunate.  But there is just no wrestling with fate.

I had it all planned out so well; being spring and everything.  Granny had done 
her spring cleaning and I'd seen all her lovely, silky nighties out on the 
line;  all washed and fresh.

Anyway, on the day in question, I slipped through the forest and arrived at 
Grannie's door rather mid- morning, wouldn't want to upset the poor dear, would 
I?  I entered to find her in bed ... Grannie often stayed in bed when there 
wasn't a reason to get up.

“Granny!”, I said, “what are you doing in bed?  It's Thursday, senior's 
day at Wendys.”

“I thought it was Wednesday”, she says

“No, Thursday,” say I, “now you get yourself dressed and hurry down 
there.  Wouldn't want to miss all that free coffee now, would you?”

Anyway, never one to waste the opportunity to save a dollar, Granny hops out of 
bed and pretty soon I see her limping away with her cane, off to town to take 
advantage of all that free caffeine.  I figured I'd have the whole afternoon to 
myself .. oh, lovely, lovely thought.

The first thing I did was strip all those nasty polyester/cotton sheets off the 
bed and put on Granny's Egyptian cotton ones .. you can feel quality .... and 
then I went to the cedar chest and salivated.  Really there was an 
embarrassment of choice.  Silk nighties with Venetian lace, peignoirs by Dior, 
and cutest little bustiers, it took some time to decide.   Granny had one of 
those lingerie parties when she got married and most of those lovely  things 
had never been worn.   Granny washed them once a year and then packed them all 
away again, I suppose ... such a shame.

I settled on a little silk number, with peak a boo lace and small pearl 
buttons, a little off the shoulder tease, just thinking about the silk against 
my fur makes me growl with pleasure, and I made myself a cup of tea with 
Granny's very best Royal Doulton and climbed into her bed.

I've always loved nice things about me and no matter how many votives one uses, 
a wolf den is still a wolf den .. just has no flair!  And Granny's family had 
been rather well off.   I sipped my tea and luxuriated in those sheets and felt 
that exquisite lace against me.  Such a beautiful memory.

Well after a while I began to get a bit peckish and went out to see what Granny 
had in her cupboards.  Nothing of quality I realized and was thinking I'd have 
to do with a nice cup of really strong coffee and some Peek Freens  when I 
heard someone at the door.

“Granny, Granny, are you home?”

It was that little Red Riding Hood brat, and I almost made up my mind to bolt 
the door and not let her in, when it came to me that she might have something 
good to eat in that basket of hers.  Some petite fours, or a lovely gateau, all 
filled with cream and chocolate .. so, I snuggled back into bed and pulled up 
the sheets.

The little brat let herself in immediately and started to prattle.  What is it 
about children that they think their stories are the least bit interesting?    
The child made herself at home, wandered around the room, tracking in dirt, 
assuming she was welcome.   I kept as still as possible, hoping she'd just 
leave the basket and go, that I could convincingly fake a coma, but eventually 
she realized that there wasn't much response and came up to the bed.

“Grandma” she said, “what big eyes you have”

“The better to see you with, my dear” I croaked, thinking “go away!  go 
away!

“Grandma”, she said, “what big ears you have”

“Hasn't your mother told you not to make personal remarks, young lady?”  I 
snapped, but young people are so self absorbed.

“Grandma,” she said, “what big teeth you have”, and she actually poked 
my incisors, cheeky little minx.  

“GET OUT OF THIS HOUSE AND LET ME HAVE A BIT OF QUIET”  I yelled at her, 
and she dropped the basket and ran.

Now you know there are all those wild stories about wolves eating babies and 
children,  but really, can you see me doing anything like that?  I mean, 
they're so sticky.  Well, maybe, with a bit of marinating, after being rubbed 
with garlic and with a sprig of mint ... probably taste just like chicken.. but 
a lot more trouble ... no I don't think I'd bother.

Anyway, I was just exploring the basket, (chocolate eclairs, very nice), and 
thinking of brewing myself some really strong coffee, when the door crashed 
open and filling the doorway was the dishy-ist woodcutter I had ever seen.  For 
a moment I thought my day was going to be just perfect!  

“Well, hello, big fellow,” I crooned, “want some chocolate?  I seem to 
have an eclair here with your name on it.  By the way, what is your name?”

By way of an answer he stepped into the room and swung the axe.  

Such a lovely Pembroke table ... that mark will be on it forever, I'm sure 
Granny is still cross about it.

Anyway there was quite a chase, him swinging the axe and me running around the 
furniture, trying to stay out of the way.  At one point he knocked over a side 
table.  Just NO finesse.  Well, I was almost to the door at that point but I 
couldn't help myself.  I stopped and turned and shouted, “You moron, those 
are Murano figures you just smashed, completely irreplaceable.  I hope you're 
happy .. and I hope you can convince Granny not to sue.”  

The man must have been an idiot, he looked at me with complete incomprehension, 
and then he came at me with the axe again!  One track mind, really.

So it wasn't the lovely day I was planning ... and I haven't been back to see 
Granny since then, because I'm sure she's a bit cross with me that she was 
required to pay for her coffee at Wendy's that Wednesday.  Still it wasn't a 
complete waste of a day.   

You see, I was still wearing that little nightie with the pearls, and even 
though the stains will never come out of the silk, in all the confusion this 
teacup got hooked to one of the buttons ... something I didn't discover until I 
got back to the den.  Now, are you sure you don't want any tea?  I indulge 
myself every afternoon at just this time ....

Lapsang Souchong.... just love that smoky flavour .....
