Revised March 10, 2014

Delilah:

Well, this is a sign of age. This is what I've been reduced to. Talking instead 
of doing.  Now it is Delilah speaks, not Delilah acts.

Now I talk about my past. My job. My work. It was always my work.  

Yes, I was a spy, a spook, an operative, informer.  I've done some unsavoury 
things ..... but always on my own terms.  I've run my own career. Well, a woman 
has to, doesn't she? If she's not to be put out with the garbage when her looks 
fade. 

And I was beautiful, very beautiful. Enigmatic, sensual and exotic. And an 
agent.

But you want to hear about Samson and his hair.  I can talk of it … it was so 
long ago, and the affected nations have disappeared or changed beyond 
recognition. What does it all matter now? So much secrecy, so much deception. 
All for nothing. . 

The Samson case was straight forward, he got what he deserved.  

There have been times in my career when I had to think about what I was doing. 
When I had a twinge of conscious about the people I was deceiving .. but not 
with that one.

People don't tell you a lot about Samson. You hear of a man betrayed by a 
woman,  who lost his strength when she cut his hair.  I was that woman.

Why did I betrayed Samson?  He was mad, and dangerous.  Spoiled.  He considered 
himself one of "god's chose"  which meant he could act without conscience. 

If he saw a fine looking woman he told his parents to get her for him, if he 
wanted money he stole, power, he killed.  

His marriage ended badly - entirely his fault.  A  seven day bachelor party, a 
riddle that couldn't be answered.   Why didn't he just stick with endless 
rounds of “there was a young woman from Ashdod” and  dancing girls jumping 
out of large date cakes? 

His wife, poor girl ... She was doomed from the moment he set eyes on her …. 
He killed her  along with 30 luckless and rather stupid wedding guests when 
things didn't go as he planned.  They hadn't been married a week.   That was 
the beginning.

Samson always had a taste for slaying, but the wedding episode whetted his 
appetite. He killed the would be wedding guests, he burned down granaries, he 
set the tails of foxes alight, he grabbed the jawbone of a donkey and pummelled 
people to death. 

The man had some serious anger issues. I tell you.  

The whole region was wondering how they could lock him up. What's that joke? 
May god bless and keep Judge Samson …. far away from us. No one could figure 
out what to do with him. He was too strong to be kept down, see, and his 
vengeance was absolute.

That's when they came to me.

I had a reputation for effectively dealing with hard cases. And it wasn't just 
the Philistines who were my contacts … there were some from the Jewish 
community as well. They knew a mad man when they saw one.

It was easy to seduce him. He was used to getting what he liked, so I made sure 
that he saw me, and that he wanted me. Getting him into bed was easy. But it 
takes more than that.  

Sometimes that's the issue. They say they'll die if they can't have you but, 
disappointingly, they never follow through.   It's all talk. 

They'll promise everything until you take them to bed, and then you have to 
work fast before they tire of you. But he was easy. A few simulated orgasms, 
some well placed compliments, and I had him. 

Still, mad people can be canny, and he didn't give his secrets up easily. 

“What's the secret to your strength?” I'd ask, as I stroked the muscled on 
his arms. “What makes you unbeatable” I'd enquire as I traced the tendons 
on his neck, “I want to know all about you” I'd purr as I played with the 
hair on his chest.

He lead me a merry chase …. told me a bunch of lies ...  but I kept at him, I 
persevered till he finally told me.. 

His strength came from his hair.

And I cut his locks off as he slept, I called the guard to bind him and I've 
never had any regrets. You can't go around acting immoral just because you 
think you are god's chosen.

If you ask me .. I'm the most moral person in that particular story. 

But no more for today .. you've made me tired with your questions.

I've spoken today with words. 

I spoke then with actions.

Then and now, I said, “enough”

