Delilah:

Well, I hate to admit it, but it would seem this is a sign of age.

Talking about one's past, I mean.  My job.  My work; it was always my work that 
was important.  Of course I never talked about it then … and even if I had, 
what would people had said? “She's the honey pot, the real intelligence comes 
from her handlers”.  In the spy system you can't be beautiful and have a 
brain.  Those James Bond films just restated what was always a “truth” in 
the espionage world.  But I've had some of my own back, I never allowed my 
handlers to have all the fun … I've run my own career.  Well, a woman has to, 
doesn't she?  If she's not to be put out with the garbage when her looks fade. 

I remember once posing as a cleaning lady in a certain embassy.  I stole 
secrets for months, under the nose of all the diplomats, just muttering to 
myself in various ancient languages whenever someone tried to question me.  I 
swept highly sensitive documents into the garbage, then carried them out each 
evening.  I looked old and dumpy then, so was dismissed.  Really, it's easier 
for a middle aged, fusty woman to be unobserved … all we women become 
invisible, you know, after a certain age.

Oh, but you asked about the case of Samson and his hair, didn't you?  I suppose 
I can talk of it … it was so long ago, and the statutes of limitations, the 
affected nations have all disappeared or changed beyond recognition.
What does it all matter now? So much secrecy, so many clandestine meetings.  
All for nothing.  Just different interests competing for land and power.  

Still the habits of secrecy over a lifetime don't disappear over night …   
this isn't all that easy.  We'll just see how we get on, shall we?

As I say, I'm very proud of my ability to be invisible when I want to be.  Ever 
notice in the bible .. they give  the linage of those they talk about?  Not in 
my case … they never knew, you see …. couldn't trace me.  Read those 
biblical scholars .. some say I was a widow, some say a concubine .. they don't 
even know if I was an Israelite or a Philistine or from somewhere else.  Well 
don't think I'm going to tell you... if I've been able to keep my background 
secret for 2000 years, I'm not about to start blabbing now.

And really, the Samson case was pretty straight forward.  It was merely a 
matter of the highest bidder.  

I mean, there have been times in my career when I really had to think about 
what I was doing.  When I had a twinge of conscious about the people I was 
betraying .. but not with that one.

People don't tell you a lot about Samson.   You just hear, chosen by god, great 
strength, betrayed by a woman, pulls down a temple,  you get the highlights but 
you don't get the particulars.

I've always thought that god's chosen were a pretty despicable lot.

When people ask me how I could have betrayed Samson I say, just look at what he 
did to his poor first wife.

Oh, it was the talk of the town when it happened.  Always spoiled. He expected 
and got what he wanted, all the time.  Being one of god's chosen does that to 
people.  So when he saw a fine looking Philistine woman he merely told his 
parents to get her for him.  

They were upset.  Couldn't you find a nice Jewish girl? they asked  He merely 
said “get her for me”, and they complied.   They raised a little emperor 
and they paid for it.

The poor woman … can't remember her name now .. she was terrified. Walking 
along one day, a dutiful daughter, and the next being told that she's about to 
be married to a man who was strong and brutal and who just decided that he 
wanted to have her.  I mean, we're not talking about the examined life, here.

Being Samson, he had to play the big shot. He throws a seven day bachelor party 
and a wager that included more money than sense.  Most bachelor parties have 
dancing girls jumping out of a large date cake, but no, Samson has to be a big 
intellectual and pose riddles.    If you ask me it was just ridiculous … 

“Out of the eater came forth meat, and out of the strong came forth 
sweetness” How was anyone supposed to figure that one out?  Why didn't he 
just stick with the dancing girls and endless rounds of “there was a young 
girl from Nantucket”?

Poor girl.  She was terrified.  Engaged to a brute then informed by the wedding 
guests they would burn her and her father if she didn't tell them the answer.  
So she wheedled it out of Samson who promptly disowns her.  Poor thing, she was 
doomed from the moment ol' Samson set eyes on her …. either in a marriage to 
a tyrant, or in being rejected. They killed her anyway … she died along with 
those 30 other luckless and rather stupid Philistines.  Ah well such things 
happen.

Samson always had a taste for slaying, but that episode just whetted his 
appetite.  He kills the would be wedding guests, he burns down granaries, he 
sets the tails of foxes alight, he grabs the jawbone of a donkey and pummels 
people to death.  The man had some serious anger issues.  I tell you, the whole 
region was wondering how they could lock him up.  What's that joke?  May god 
bless and keep Judge Samson …. far away from us.  No one could figure out 
what to do with him.  He was too strong to be kept down, see, and his vengeance 
was complete.

That's when they came to me.

I had a reputation for effectively dealing with hard cases.  And I have to tell 
you, it wasn't just the Philistines who were my contacts … there were some 
from the Jewish community as well.   They knew a mad man when they saw one.

It wasn't easy, believe me.  Oh, it was easy to seduce him. .. the man thought 
with his penis …. and his pride.  He was used to getting what he liked, you 
see, so I just made sure that he saw me, and that he wanted me.  Getting him 
into bed was easy.    But it takes more than that .. you also have to keep them 
there.

Sometimes that's the issue.  They'll promise everything until you take them to 
bed, and then you have to work fast before they tire of you.  But he was easy.  
A few simulated orgasms, some well placed compliments, and I had him coming 
back again and again.  

Still, mad people can be canny, and he didn't give his secrets up easily.  
Somewhere in his head he knew that I was dangerous.

“What's the secret to your strength?” I'd ask, as I played with the hair on 
his chest ….

He lead me a merry chase …. all sorts of things would hold him, he said, 
fresh bowstrings, new ropes, braiding his hair ….  that one had a ring of 
truth … made me know it was something about hair.  So I kept at him.

And I cut his locks off as he slept, and I called the guard and  I've never had 
any regrets.  You can't go around acting immoral just because you are god's 
chosen.

If you ask me .. I'm the most moral person in that particular story.  

But no more for today .. I've spoken today as I spoke then.

Then and now, I say, “enough”

