Lilith
(reading from a bible type book) 
“Now, God had set Adam to name every beast – and when they past in pairs 
before him Adam being jealous of their loves, cried: 'Every creature but I has 
a proper mate', and prayed God would remedy this injustice. 
God then formed Lilith, the first woman, just as He had formed Adam. But Adam 
and Lilith never found peace together; for when he wished to lie with her, she 
took offense at the recumbent posture he demanded. 'Why must I lie beneath 
you?' she asked. 'I also was made from dust, and am therefore your equal.' 
Because Adam tried to compel her obedience by force, Lilith, in a rage, uttered 
the magic name of God, rose into the air and left him. 
Oh these men, such drama queens. It wasn't like that at all. Hell, I quite like 
recumbent positions ... on certain days of the week.
No the writer of that book just didn't know how to deal with a woman who 
decided to go her own way.
You know, sometimes I feel that I have a lot in common with the first Mrs. 
Ronald Reagan. Sometimes I wonder if she's sorry she didn't stay the distance, 
do the smiley first lady thing. Then I figure she was just grateful to have 
gotten away from that pompous windbag so easily.
It's not particularly fun to have one's name associated as succubus and demons 
but let's face it, Eve's life was no picnic. Having to put up with the lout 
first of all, and then being blamed for all of the sins of the world. 
She was a smart cookie, was Eve. Discovered quite quickly that Adam wasn't all 
that big in the brains department and had no imagination whatsoever. When she 
appeared he had probably already named about 20 of the animals of the earth. 
And he wasn't too original. 
“Adam”, Eve would say gently, “great beast with yellow fur” could mean 
a lot of animals. Maybe we, I mean you, could come up with something a bit 
snappier. 
After a sufficient amount of thinking he'd come up with “Great beast with 
yellow fur and ruff?” 
“Better”, she'd say brightly, “but how about … um “Lion” It has a 
nice ring to it. Oh, my dear, you are so clever …. and the “Small round 
platter animal” could be called 'turtle'. “
“Tall plant with spiky leaves?” 
“Cactus”
The dance she had to do to make him think it was all his idea. 
You can always spot the animals Adam named.... grasshopper, woodpecker, 
starfish, stickbug.  As I say, no imagination.  
I'm positive she liked to visit me for some down time.
Oh yes, we'd get together for mead a couple of times a year when the boys were 
out hunting for sacrifices or some such macho thing. We got along well. Having 
a shared knowledge of living with Adam, we could relax and chill together.
And we both experienced the loss of our children. 
Well, of course I had children – those demons can be very attractive, you 
know. But I lost most of them.
You see, I was cursed when I refused the angels' polite “suggestion” that I 
return to the garden. I was holidaying here at the Red Sea at the time and told 
them I wouldn't even entertain the suggestion until I'd had a few weeks of R 
and R – and then Adam and I would have to sit down with an independent party 
before I would even consider a reconciliation.
But no – instead of giving my side any thought, the angel just cursed me. 
Told me that, because of my insubordination, I was destined to see hundreds of 
my children and my children's children, die each year.
Lucky I was never very maternal. 
I mean, I never actually raised a child .. just had them and handed them back 
to the demon. 
“You were happy enough to play”, I'd say, “now it's your turn to work. 
Believe me labour is called labour for a reason and I've done my part.”
But Eve wasn't like that ….. she truly lived for her children – and she did 
have a lot of them. 
She aged so much after she lost Able.
He was the most gentle of boys; I loved him best.   He had such a way with 
daisy chains. I remember, when he was a teen he wove them so prettily for Eve 
and me; she would sometimes bring him when she came to visit... get him away 
from the more brutal of his brothers.  He wove flowers into wreaths, and he 
delighted in wearing them too.
There he'd be, tending his sheep, flowers on his curly hair, and he'd be 
playing a flute and dancing around the field. My goodness he could dance. Moved 
so well.
After the “unfortunate incident” which is what Eve always called it, with 
Cain, I said to her, “what you need is a complete break. Come and live with 
me. You can even bring your children if you must. Leave the garden and old, 
cranky Adam and start fresh.”
But she wouldn't. Said that children needed their father.
“He won't even miss you.” I said, “He'll be too busy talking with 
Satan.”
I could never figure out why those too were such great buddies. I mean, Satan 
is a clever boots, I tell you. But insecure. Very insecure.
I guess, once you mount a rebellion and lose, you always know that you're not 
quite good enough. So he probably just kept Adam around to make himself feel 
superior. Which wasn't difficult, let me tell you.
That's when Eve started to self medicate. 
I swear
I saw it happening.
I'm not sure how she figured it out how to devise a still, but after a while, 
no fruit tree in the garden was immune. When god got wind of it he said “no 
more fruit” 
But that woman could make alcohol our of anything. I'll never forget trying her 
cowslip wine. Though I've tried, believe me. That last time she visited, it was 
all she brought.  Well, that and her tears.
Still, her apple was the best, by far, and so much more potent than anything 
else she could devise. 
At first she could just pick a few here and there and they weren't missed … 
but addiction grows and pretty soon even a blind god would have figured it out. 
So he sent them out of the garden, thinking she would sober up and get clean.
Never happened. 
And I do miss her.
Me? Oh, I pretty much stick around the Red Sea these days. I mean, it's been my 
home for so very long.
Of course, I still visit some innocents at night, you can't be a succubus for 
so many years and then stop cold turkey. But I have to admit that I'm no longer 
even a cougar .. I'm definitely in the “dragon” category these days, which 
makes me sometimes think “eeeuuuuwww”
And demons aren't around as much as they once were either.
But I do like my view.
I spend a lot of my time looking at my view.

