Rapunzel

Listen,did you hear anything?  Oh no .. must be my imagination.

Oh yes, I've known the family for years .. well I would, wouldn't I?  I mean 
living next door and all.  

I've always maintained that good fences make good neighbours, well in my case - 
 walls, as I do like a  nice walled garden .. the bricks catch the sun, you 
see, and just give the place just that much of a head start in the spring ... 
and I've always had a green thumb.

So I can't say that I kept an eye on them, but Randolph always kept me informed 
about their comings and goings.  He takes a bit of exercise every morning you 
see, flies around the neighbourhood and brings the me news.  Randolph's a raven 
and been my familiar for ... oh I don't know how long, seems like forever.  In 
the old days witches were supposed to have a third teat with which to suckle 
their familiars.  Whenever Randolph brings it up I say "no kinky business, you. 
 Stir yourself and find your own meals."

So Randolph had a tendency to visit the family a lot.  Poor dears didn't know 
much about nutrition you see and apparently there were always a few McDonald 
french fries around for him to pinch.   

When Rapunzel's mom was expecting the thieving really picked up.  I mean, the 
husband was always slipping over the walls and worrying my potatoes, but I 
never minded. Goodness knows, I was happy to see them get a few healthy 
vitamins.  

I swear she spent her pregnancy eating egg and chips, egg and chips.  I'd meet 
him in my garden almost every evening and see him slipping the stolen potatoes 
into his pocket and pretending to just be visiting.  "Have some beans" I'd say, 
or "You know, your wife might fancy a nice green salad".

"Oh no, Miss" he's say, "you know we never eat anything green".

Well, the day of the birth I just slipped over to see the child with a bit of 
Rapunzel in my basket.  A nursing mother needs to be well fed.  

"Oh we couldn't eat that, Miss" says the wife, "but it's a right pretty name, 
and we'll give it to the baby."  I was thankful I didn't have radishes in the 
basket that day, or she's have been called "French Breakfast".  And she was an 
ugly little mite, though she did have nice hair, I'll give  her that.

Well the next few years were a nightmare.  Those two had no idea of raising a 
child.  More than a few bricks short of a load, both of them.  That child would 
have been dead from misadventure many times over if it hadn't been for 
Randolph. The times he pulled her back from the fire, or rescued her from the 
stream, or prevented her from pulling a hot pot off the stove on to herself.  
My nerves were on edge and I just dreaded hearing the stories he'd bring back 
each day.  Sometimes I would be in the garden and hear the little one fall and 
hurt herself and cry and cry without her parents taking any notice.  I made my 
heart bleed.  They weren't cruel, mind you, they just didn't know how to parent.

There were some times I thought of bringing her here and looking after her 
myself.  "she wouldn't be a bother" I would think, and then I'd say "Deirdre, 
you are MUCH too old to be running a day care, just close your ears."

The poor dear inherited her parent's brains, I'm afraid to say.  When she 
started school things weren't any better.  Children can be so cruel, they 
teased her so.  I'd hear her on the other side of the wall trying to work on 
her sums and making a mess of it, so I'd invite her over, and give her tea and 
try to instill a few crumbs of the basics into her.  I also gave her some 
grooming lessons.    What she didn't have in brains she made up for in hair, 
and I showed her how to braid, and dug out a few old dresses of mine - from the 
days when I weighed a lot less, of course - so she's have something decent to 
wear.  

When she was thirteen I finally had to put my hand in.  

As I say, she wasn't too bright .. and one day, while she was visiting and I 
was wrestling with that huge mass of hair, she says, innocent as anything, 
"that boy Chester, at school, the one who's 16?  He says he'll bring me a 
sweetie tomorrow"

"Oh, really, " I say, "and why is that?"

"He says if I go into the woods with him he'll give me a sweetie".

An innocent.

Well, I wasn't going to let that baby start having babies, so I marched over to 
the parents and informed them that I was going to start a school of my own, 
that very day, and that Rapunzel was to be my only student.  Then I installed 
her in the tower, with books, pretty clothes, and a few toys.

I thought she'd be bored in a month and be hungry for a bit of learning.  I 
thought she'd find the secret passage.  Any girl with a bit of brains would 
have seen the different coloured stones in the corner and would have explored.  
Push any one of 15 stones in that area and a stairway reveals itself.  I kept 
hoping she'd find it, show a bit of initiative ... but she never did.

We had this silly game.  When I went up to teach her ever morning I would stand 
below the window and say "Rapunzel, Rapunzel, let down your hair, and I will 
climb the golden stair". and she'd let down her braid and I would pretend to 
climb them.  Didn't of course, I just levitated my way up, but she didn't 
cotton on.  

It was as if someone had cast a spell to make learning slid off her like 
teflon.  I despaired, I really did.  I still do.

There were times, of course, over the years, when she felt constrained in the 
tower.  I tried to use those as teaching moments.

"I'm tired of being in this old ruin" she would sulk  "I want down from here"

"Well, let's think," I would say, "how would you go about getting down?"

I thought, if she ever figured out she could chop off that braid of hair and 
use it as a rope it would be a beginning.  I even took to giving myself a trim 
every month or so, letting her see me snip off the hair in the tower, hoping 
she's make the connection.  I left scissors around everywhere. 

It was about five months ago that she started complaining that her dresses were 
getting too tight.  I didn't take any notice at first, but then I realized the 
girl was going to have a baby.

That Chester isn't stupid.  

He'd had her let down her hair and attached a silk rope to it.  She kept it in 
the back of her closet and he visited her every night, with those sweeties.  It 
had been going on for years .... and of course she had to get caught some time. 
 Poor, silly fool.

He's gone now, of course.  When he found out there was a baby on the way, he 
discovered that he was far too busy to visit anymore.  I really can't figure 
out if she's missing him or the sweets.

It will be any day now.  I'm keeping close, as I don't know how she's going to 
deal with the labour.  I just hope the baby gets his brains.

Listen? Did you hear anything?
