Ugly Step Sister ....

Anastasia

Oh yes, this is it; this is the childhood home of "Queen Cinders"  ... well, I 
suppose one should say Queen Ella, but we never called her that.  Hasn't 
changed in, how many years would it be now? Plenty.  Of course, in the 
beginning, just around the time of the marriage,  the magazines wanted to do 
one of those special editions ... "the horrid house where our poor, precious 
princess spent her formative years"  .. one of those pity party articles .. but 
Cinders was never keen to show how low her roots are .. young Prince Charming 
might have changed his little mind.  He was always flighty ..  I mean he fell 
"desperately in love"  over a few dances and, I may add, after a lot of 
champagne.  I mean, you don't exactly get a lot of talking done on the dance 
floor.

Funny... you never really see your own place.

Yes, yes, yes.  This is the kitchen where our "poor queen" huddled near the 
fire, that's her tiny stool, those are her rodent cages .. all very touching.

Cinders was always passive aggressive ... I mean, she didn't HAVE to sleep in 
the fireplace .. this damn house has always been cold .. and it was partly 
because we were paying for her orthopedic shoes that there wasn't enough coal 
in the winter.

You didn't know she wore orthopedic shoes?

Well, how do you think Mr. Charming found the right girl with that glass 
slipper?  You don't think there are plenty of women with size 5 1/2 feet in 
this kingdom? 

It was a problem from birth ... she doesn't like to talk about .. actually she 
doesn't like us to talk about it either.

No, it was always Cinders, with her consumptive chest and the tiny, weird 
shaped feet, and her allergies.  My god the girl had allergies.  Couldn't eat 
potatoes, couldn't eat bread, couldn't eat turnips, or porridge.  The girl 
couldn't eat anything that was cheap and kept on the weight in the winter.  
That's why she was so slender.  The place was cold, and she never ate anything. 
 Liked strawberries, though.  Used to whine for them, constantly.. "I can't EAT 
this!  Why can't you get some strawberries.  If my father were alive HE would 
get me strawberries."  I hear she has chocolate dipped strawberries for 
breakfast every morning.  And I notice that her clothes aren't exactly falling 
off her these days.  Oh well, we're all not as young as we were.

I've always suspected she started keeping those mice just to slip them the food 
she didn't want.  Mother didn't like to see food wasted, you see, and when 
Cinders was a young teen they would have these stand offs over the dinner 
table.  So, Cinders took to having her little buddies around her, and they 
would eat up anything she didn't fancy.  Got to be that you couldn't open a 
drawer in this house without those pesky creatures barging out at you.  

Mother tried, she really did.  Especially just after Cinder's dad died, DON'T 
get me started on that.  I've always thought he married mother just to ensure a 
place for his precious daughter to live.  

Oh yes, he SAID he has money, and I suppose he did, but he also liked a good 
drink, and once he moved into mother's house, he could sell  his own and drink 
away all the profits.   Every notice how Cinders refers to her "poor dead 
father ... gone before his time" but doesn't say how he died?  Personally I 
think it was cirrhosis of the liver, but at the time it was all we could do to 
deal with his debts, we didn't inquire too closely.     

After he'd gone we had his debts and his whinging daughter.  Drucella and I 
knew what she was going through.   She wasn't the only one who lost a father in 
her young life, and we tried to reach out to her ... but she was always the 
drama queen.  No one had a father like her; no one has ever suffered as she 
suffered.

What really hurts is how she treated mother after the marriage.  Oh yes, we 
were invited to the wedding, but were seated as far back as possible.  I 
suspect she even arranged that Drucella and I were to be kept off the dance 
floor .... I mean, you'd have thought that someone would have asked the queen 
to be's sisters to dance.  But no, Drucella and I sat there with sickly smiles 
pasted to our faces for hours.  

And since the wedding ... one invite to the castle a year.  It got to be that 
mother didn't want to show her face in the neighbourhood.

"So, Mrs. Reece, your step daughter hasn't invited you to the grand reception 
again this year?"

"Didn't your step daughter look so nice at last week's masquerade, Mrs. Reece.  
I read all about it in the Enquirer.  Oh you weren't invited to attend?  So 
strange that."

When the old king died and we attended the coronation, it was the last straw.   
There we were, in the very back, not even in the bench section but having to 
stand, watching a triumphant Cinders get crowned.   She was already getting 
porky back then, but she had a marvelous designer ..... did you notice how 
those gems were sewn ever so cunningly to give her a more vertical line?

Any way, there she is, kneeling and all humble, then she gets up, crown on her 
head and she turns to wave at the crowd and she locks eyes with all three of us 
.. one at a time.   And I know she's never going to let things settle between 
us.  She has to show us that she's made it, over and over and over.

The next day Drucella and Mother packed up and went on an extended "tour" of 
watering places.   They've never been back.

I'm made of sterner stuff.   I go about my business, and completely ignore the 
fact that the queen is my step sister.  I let things slide.

But I've won, you know.  Because I'm always on her mind.  All I have to do is 
emerge from the house for a few days wearing rags and a bundle of clothes 
appear.   Our gracious queen, who has, I note, become increasingly less 
popular, along with her dim husband, over the years, can't afford to have the 
tabloids write about the queen's sister in dire need.

So I get these parcels.  Clothes that are good, but not too good.  Money enough 
for my wants.  I'm always on her mind.

But really, I seldom, if ever think of her .... 

 
 

























WW or the East

Do you know the best thing about heaven?  It's quiet.  Oh, heavenly, heavenly 
quiet.

Well that's an oximoron or something, isn't it?

When I first got here, and believe me, I was surprised as anyone to find myself 
in heaven, I had this fear that the place would be rampant with harp music.  I 
mean, it would be better than Munchkin songs, but how much incessant music can 
one take.
