Ugly Step Sister ....

Anastasia

Oh yes, this is it; this is the childhood home of "Queen Cinders" ... well, I 
suppose one should say Queen Ella, but we never called her that. Hasn't changed 
in, how many years would it be now? Plenty. Of course, in the beginning, just 
around the time of the marriage, the magazines wanted to do one of those 
special editions ... "the horrid hovel where our poor, precious princess spent 
her youthful years" .. one of those pity party articles .. but Cinders was 
never keen to show how low her roots were .. young Prince Charming might have 
changed his little mind. He was always flighty .. I mean he fell "desperately 
in love" over a few dances and, I may add, after a lot of champagne. I mean, 
you don't exactly get a lot of talking done on the dance floor.

Funny... you never really see your own place.

Yes, yes, yes. This is the kitchen where our "poor queen" huddled near the 
fire, that's her tiny stool, those are her rodent cages .. all very touching.

Growing up? Well, Cinders was always passive aggressive ... I mean, she didn't 
HAVE to sleep in the fireplace .. this damn house has always been cold .. and 
it was partly because we were paying for her orthopedic shoes that there wasn't 
enough coal in the winter.

You didn't know she wore orthopedic shoes?

Well, how do you think Mr. Charming found the right girl with that glass 
slipper? You don't think there are plenty of women with size 5 1/2 feet in this 
kingdom? 

It was a problem from birth ... she doesn't like to talk about .. actually she 
doesn't like us to talk about it either.

No, it was always Cinders, with her consumptive chest and her tiny, weird 
shaped feet, and her allergies. My god the girl had allergies. Couldn't eat 
potatoes, couldn't eat bread, couldn't eat turnips, or porridge. The girl 
couldn't eat anything that was cheap and kept on the weight in the winter. 
That's why she was so slender. The place was cold, and she never ate anything. 
Liked strawberries, though. Used to whine for them, constantly.. "I can't EAT 
this! Why can't you get some strawberries. If my father were alive HE would get 
me strawberries." I hear she has chocolate dipped strawberries for breakfast 
every morning. And I notice that her clothes aren't exactly falling off her 
these days. Oh well, we're all not as young as we were.

I've always suspected she started keeping those mice just to slip them the food 
she didn't want. Mother didn't like to see food wasted, you see, and when 
Cinders was a young teen they would have these stand offs over the dinner 
table. So, Cinders took to having her little buddies around her, and they would 
eat up anything she didn't fancy. Got to be that you couldn't open a drawer in 
this house without those pesky creatures barging out at you. 

Mother tried, she really did. Especially just after Cinder's dad died, DON'T 
get me started on that. I've always thought he married mother just to ensure a 
place for his precious daughter to live. 

Oh yes, he SAID he had money, and I suppose he did, but he also liked a good 
drink, and once he moved into mother's house, he could sell his own and drink 
away all the profits. Every notice how Cinders refers to her "poor dead father 
... gone before his time" but doesn't say how he died? Personally I think it 
was cirrhosis of the liver, but at the time it was all we could do to deal with 
his debts, we didn't inquire too closely. 

After he'd gone we had his debts and his whinging daughter. Drucella and I knew 
what she was going through. She wasn't the only one who lost a father in her 
young life, and we tried to reach out to her ... but she was always the drama 
queen. No one had a father like her; no one has ever suffered as she suffered.

What really hurts is how she treated mother after the marriage. Oh yes, we were 
invited to the wedding, but were seated as far back as possible. I've concluded 
she even arranged that Drucella and I were to be kept off the dance floor .... 
I mean, you'd have thought that someone would have asked the queen to be's 
sisters to dance. But no, Drucella and I sat there with sickly smiles pasted to 
our faces for hours.  It was humiliating. 

And since the wedding ... one invite to the castle a year. It got to be that 
mother didn't want to show her face in the neighbourhood.

"So, Mrs. Reece, your step daughter hasn't invited you to the grand reception 
again this year?"

"Didn't your step daughter look so nice at last week's masquerade, Mrs. Reece. 
I read all about it in the Enquirer. Oh you weren't invited to attend? So 
strange that."

When the old king died and we attended the coronation, it was the last straw. 
There we were, in the very back, not even in the bench section but having to 
stand, watching a triumphant Cinders get crowned. She was already getting porky 
back then, but she had a marvelous designer ..... did you notice how those gems 
were sewn ever so cunningly to give her a more vertical line?

Any way, there she is, kneeling and all humble, then she gets up, crown on her 
head and she turns to wave at the crowd and she locks eyes with all three of us 
.. one at a time. And I know she's never going to let things settle between us. 
She has to show us that she's made it, over and over and over.

The next day Drucella and Mother packed up and went on an extended "tour" of 
watering places. They've never been back.

I'm made of sterner stuff. I go about my business, and completely ignore the 
fact that the queen is my step sister. I let things slide.

But I've won, you know. Because I'm always on her mind. All I have to do is 
emerge from the house for a few days wearing something shabby and a bundle of 
clothes appear. Our gracious queen, who has, I note, become increasingly less 
popular, along with her dim husband, over the years, can't afford to have the 
tabloids write about the queen's sister in dire need.

So I get these parcels. Clothes that are good, but not too good. Money enough 
for my wants. I'm always on her mind.

But really, I seldom, if ever think of her .... 
hardly ever ....



 
 






















WW or the East

Do you know the best thing about heaven?  It's quiet.  Oh, heavenly, heavenly 
quiet.

This place just roars with quiet,  shrieks with stillness, trumpets 
tranquility.  After my life with the little guys it is pure heaven ... 

oh, yeah, well it IS heaven, isn't it?  Silly me!

When I first got here, and believe me, I was surprised as anyone to find myself 
in heaven, I had this fear that the place would be rampant with harp music.  I 
mean, it would be better than Munchkin songs, but how much incessant music can 
one take?  There were days in Munchkin land where I really thought I was losing 
my sanity.  "One more quaffing song" I'd think, "and I'll bash the lot of you!"

But now ...I just sit around on those clouds over there or wander around the 
Pearly Gate parking lot and enjoy things.  Ahhh ... simple pleasures.

Well, not exactly...

I mean I had enough of SIMPLE pleasures back in Oz.  There is nothing so simple 
as a Munchkin.  What is it about little people .. they don't know how to grow 
up?  They just look up at you with those big blue eyes and expect you to take 
care of everything.  And they drink, I tell you, a Munchkin can put away twice 
his weight in ale and not show it.  Except to get really, really mean.  There 
is no mean drunk like a drunken Munchkin.

The Munchkins.  They were the real cause of my death.  I know everyone says it 
was that house falling down, but if I had been looking up, or even walking 
properly, I would have seen it.

But you don't look up when you live amongst little people.  You spend your time 
navigating their annoying wiggling walks, and trying not to trip over their 
children.   When I turned 35 I looked at myself in the mirror and saw a crone; 
not because I looked old, but because I was stooped.  Years of watching your 
feet makes your spine turn downward.

Yes, yes, I know.  People say that I looked down to watch my ruby slippers, and 
I have to say they did go SO well with my black skirts .. just a twinklin', and 
glistenin'.  Next to Glinda's spring outfits, the Ruby slippers were the 
brightest thing in all of Munchkin Land.  I did love them so.  They say you 
can't take it with you .. but I would have LOVED to have brought them along.

Of course, they never looked their best with those damn striped stockings.

You see, every year, on Munch Munch Day - don't ask, it was always ghastly - 
short people shouldn't attempt ballet - especially when drunk -  I had to 
accept the annual Tribute From The People.  And every year some class was 
assigned to knitting me these damned stockings.  You never knew what the colour 
scheme would be, and whatever they did, the dropped stitches  drooped and the 
frightful colour combinations completely clashed with the Ruby Slippers.

When I was a teen I put up a fuss.  "you couldn't pay me to wear that stuff" I 
declared to my mother... but when you rule a kingdom you have to put up with a 
lot.

By the way I'm called "Wicked" because, on my inaugural Tribute Day, when I 
accepted the first gruesome set of stockings I smiled graciously and said "Good 
people of Munchkin Land.  I thank you for your beautiful present.  I shall wear 
these with pride when I think of the love they carry..... I fact I will look 
wicked in them!"

Of course the papers got things out of context.  "New ruler promises to be 
wicked" screamed the headlines.  I tell you, when you rule Munchkin Land you 
learn about public relations pretty damn fast.  But now I'm in heaven I wear 
any socks I damn well please.

Oh, but I was talking about the house, wasn't I.  

Well, the Day of My Demise was sunny.  I was doing my usual stroll amongst the 
little people.. 

THEY were all looking up and THEY scattered pretty quickly.  I was too 
concerned about the little tykes running through my legs and under my 
skirts.... I didn't have a chance.

Now there's one thing I need to make perfectly clear.  I NEVER, EVER stepped on 
a Munchkin child, no matter what the tabloids say.  Not that I didn't fantasize 
about it, I will admit.  I mean those kids are so little and squeaky and loud.  
I could have stamped on 'em with no trouble at all.

But, I AM, oh .. I WAS their leader.  To tell you the truth, I never allowed 
myself to step on one, because I thought if I did it would be too hard to stop. 
 Sort of like popping bubble wrap .... a tiny surprised yelp and then 
delightful, blissful silence.  How could you resist doing just one more, and 
then one more after that?

No, I never stepped on one; though I did make a game of fantasizing what I 
would really like to say.  As I stepped forward to take that year's terrible  
tights  I would smile charmingly and think "I'd like to put that lollipop where 
the sun don't shine, boy".  Some of the more obnoxious ones saw the gleam in my 
eye and would back up suddenly.  One year some kid fell off the platform.  That 
was a good year.

I never did figure out how Elpha, that's my big sister, in case you didn't 
know, ended up ruling the Winky kingdom  with those hunky winged monkeys, and 
I'm stuck with a bunch of midgets.

Hmmmm, winged monkeys, I always had a thing for them.  Now, don't you tell 
Elpha, but I certainly enjoyed their company when I was in Oz.  Elpha's 
favourite was Christer,  and I knew why.  The pecks on that boy!    Well, with 
all the flying he did, of course his chest muscles would be .... um .... 
developed.

Mother said to stay away from them.  They weren't really winged monkeys but 
sort of a Neanderthal offshoot who had developed wings instead of complex 
language.  Well I tell you, Christer wasn't one for iambic pentameter  or 
pretty sayings but his movements were pure poetry.  Oh yes, we had some fine 
times, did Christer and me.

Good thing Elpha didn't find out, she would have killed me.

Of course the house did that first.

Hey look over there .... don't be too obvious, just cast your eye.  See that 
Sebalim over there?  He and I had sort of a thing going for a while ... but 
then I found out that Sebalims are a kind of singing Angels and he's in a 
heavenly choir which means he practices ALL the time.  He was great, but I 
value my silence more.

I'm sort of dating a guard angel now... that's why I spend so much time in the 
Pearly Gate parking lot.  He's on duty there quite a bit.  He doesn't say much, 
but he's got a wing span that is ...well I don't want to brag.  Oh, just time 
to powder my nose and head out.  We're meeting in some heavy duty cloud cover 
in ..... oh just a few minutes .. gotta run.
Rapunzel

Listen,did you hear anything?  Oh no .. must be my imagination.

Oh yes, I've known the family for years .. well I would, wouldn't I?  I mean 
living next door and all.  

I've always maintained that good fences make good neighbours, well in my case - 
 walls, as I do like a  nice walled garden .. the bricks catch the sun, you 
see, and just give the place just that much of a head start in the spring ... 
and I've always had a green thumb.

So I can't say that I kept an eye on them, but Randolph always kept me informed 
about their comings and goings.  He takes a bit of exercise every morning you 
see, flies around the neighbourhood and brings the me news.  Randolph's a raven 
and been my familiar for ... oh I don't know how long, seems like forever.  In 
the old days witches were supposed to have a third teat with which to suckle 
their familiars.  Whenever Randolph brings it up I say "no kinky business, you. 
 Stir yourself and find your own meals."

So Randolph had a tendency to visit the family a lot.  Poor dears didn't know 
much about nutrition you see and apparently there were always a few McDonald 
french fries around for him to pinch.   

When Rapunzel's mom was expecting the thieving really picked up.  I mean, the 
husband was always slipping over the walls and worrying my potatoes, but I 
never minded. Goodness knows, I was happy to see them get a few healthy 
vitamins.  

I swear she spent her pregnancy eating egg and chips, egg and chips.  I'd meet 
him in my garden almost every evening and see him slipping the stolen potatoes 
into his pocket and pretending to just be visiting.  "Have some beans" I'd say, 
or "You know, your wife might fancy a nice green salad".

"Oh no, Miss" he's say, "you know we never eat anything green".

Well, the day of the birth I just slipped over to see the child with a bit of 
Rapunzel in my basket.  A nursing mother needs to be well fed.  

"Oh we couldn't eat that, Miss" says the wife, "but it's a right pretty name, 
and we'll give it to the baby."  I was thankful I didn't have radishes in the 
basket that day, or she's have been called "French Breakfast".  And she was an 
ugly little mite, though she did have nice hair, I'll give  her that.

Well the next few years were a nightmare.  Those two had no idea of raising a 
child.  More than a few bricks short of a load, both of them.  That child would 
have been dead from misadventure many times over if it hadn't been for 
Randolph. The times he pulled her back from the fire, or rescued her from the 
stream, or prevented her from pulling a hot pot off the stove on to herself.  
My nerves were on edge and I just dreaded hearing the stories he'd bring back 
each day.  Sometimes I would be in the garden and hear the little one fall and 
hurt herself and cry and cry without her parents taking any notice.  I made my 
heart bleed.  They weren't cruel, mind you, they just didn't know how to parent.

There were some times I thought of bringing her here and looking after her 
myself.  "she wouldn't be a bother" I would think, and then I'd say "Deirdre, 
you are MUCH too old to be running a day care, just close your ears."

The poor dear inherited her parent's brains, I'm afraid to say.  When she 
started school things weren't any better.  Children can be so cruel, they 
teased her so.  I'd hear her on the other side of the wall trying to work on 
her sums and making a mess of it, so I'd invite her over, and give her tea and 
try to instill a few crumbs of the basics into her.  I also gave her some 
grooming lessons.    What she didn't have in brains she made up for in hair, 
and I showed her how to braid, and dug out a few old dresses of mine - from the 
days when I weighed a lot less, of course - so she's have something decent to 
wear.  

When she was thirteen I finally had to put my hand in.  

As I say, she wasn't too bright .. and one day, while she was visiting and I 
was wrestling with that huge mass of hair, she says, innocent as anything, 
"that boy Chester, at school, the one who's 16?  He says he'll bring me a 
sweetie tomorrow"

"Oh, really, " I say, "and why is that?"

"He says if I go into the woods with him he'll give me a sweetie".

An innocent.

Well, I wasn't going to let that baby start having babies, so I marched over to 
the parents and informed them that I was going to start a school of my own, 
that very day, and that Rapunzel was to be my only student.  Then I installed 
her in the tower, with books, pretty clothes, and a few toys.

I thought she'd be bored in a month and be hungry for a bit of learning.  I 
thought she'd find the secret passage.  Any girl with a bit of brains would 
have seen the different coloured stones in the corner and would have explored.  
Push any one of 15 stones in that area and a stairway reveals itself.  I kept 
hoping she'd find it, show a bit of initiative ... but she never did.

We had this silly game.  When I went up to teach her ever morning I would stand 
below the window and say "Rapunzel, Rapunzel, let down your hair, and I will 
climb the golden stair". and she'd let down her braid and I would pretend to 
climb them.  Didn't of course, I just levitated my way up, but she didn't 
cotton on.  

It was as if someone had cast a spell to make learning slid off her like 
teflon.  I despaired, I really did.  I still do.

There were times, of course, over the years, when she felt constrained in the 
tower.  I tried to use those as teaching moments.

"I'm tired of being in this old ruin" she would sulk  "I want down from here"

"Well, let's think," I would say, "how would you go about getting down?"

I thought, if she ever figured out she could chop off that braid of hair and 
use it as a rope it would be a beginning.  I even took to giving myself a trim 
every month or so, letting her see me snip off the hair in the tower, hoping 
she's make the connection.  I left scissors around everywhere. 

It was about five months ago that she started complaining that her dresses were 
getting too tight.  I didn't take any notice at first, but then I realized the 
girl was going to have a baby.

That Chester isn't stupid.  

He'd had her let down her hair and attached a silk rope to it.  She kept it in 
the back of her closet and he visited her every night, with those sweeties.  It 
had been going on for years .... and of course she had to get caught some time. 
 Poor, silly fool.

He's gone now, of course.  When he found out there was a baby on the way, he 
discovered that he was far too busy to visit anymore.  I really can't figure 
out if she's missing him or the sweets.

It will be any day now.  I'm keeping close, as I don't know how she's going to 
deal with the labour.  I just hope the baby gets his brains.

Listen? Did you hear anything?
(the *'s represent a personal repeating trait.  I envision this as a sniff, or 
a "tsk" sound that is a habit for the character.  It is up to the actor to 
devise what works for her)


Hansel and Gretel

*    .... *   ....... *...

*

Well I don't know why you're sitting there like that, just looking at me
 *
I have absolutely nothing to say.
*
nothing.
*
A woman of my age, here, *
It's unheard of.  It really is.  Attempted murder .. so stupid, so very, very 
stupid.
*
I mean, it's not as if there weren't signs, clear for all to see.
"Please do not eat the gingerbread"
"Trespassers will be roasted" 

And not just one or two - all around.   You go back to the forest and see - 
they're everywhere

Of course, with all the publicity this trial has generated there probably 
aren't any left.  Souvenir hunters will have taken them.  The whole cottage has 
probably been eaten by now.

Years in the confectionery business, the victim of petty larceny and vandalism 
and I end up in prison .. I tell you, there is absolutely no justice in the 
world.
*

Oh yes, my family had a little bakery in the east; I grew up with the smell of 
yeast in my nostrils.  

Father had a way with fruit bread that was unbelievable.  He and mother worked 
all day.  Up early in the morning to set the loaves, serving all day in the 
shop and then mixing special icings and cleaning the place all evening.  The 
whole family was a slave to the business.

I was best at gingerbread, wafers, cookies that sort of things.  Always had a 
way with sweets.  A girl made of sugar and spice, that was me.
*
*
Of course, mother and father didn't often let me serve behind the counter. * I 
just don't have a way with people.  The stupid things they ask ..
"is this bread fresh?"
"any egg and milk in this?  I can't eat eggs"

"then don't come into the shop" I'd tell them, 

Mother said I turned custom away. *

After they passed I did try to make a go of it on my own but it's too much work 
for one person and I really don't like being among people.
*
So I took a big breath, surveyed my assets and decided it would be best if I 
just moved away and spent my last days in solitude, enjoying the peace.

*
*
Of course, at first I didn't think I'd be able to afford it.  Have you SEEN the 
price of lumber these days?  But I don't have a way with gingerbread and icings 
for nothing.   

A bit of experimentation and I had a perfectly fine place that could withstand 
even the worst of the winter storms.
You don't know the bliss, after years of being at the beck and call of the 
public, to finally have a place where I could do as I liked.
*
I chose a place far, far off the trails.  Was perfectly happy by myself, in my 
cozy little house.
*....... *
Of course. when this new fad of hiking started I had a premonition that things 
were going to turn out badly.  A few odd people would stumble across the 
cottage from time to time, but I could usually scare them away.
I kept an odd looking stick and a frightful hat by the door just in case.*  I'd 
barge out of the door waving one and wearing the other and look as threatening 
as possible.
*
*
really, it was demeaning, but it was all I could think of.  Well, I could have 
used magic .. you don't bake all your life without picking up a bit of magic 
.... but whenever I cast a spell I have a headache for weeks.  Probably some 
sort of allergy to Latin.  Most of the spells I know use Latin.
*
One year I had a bad scare.  This cocky young thing arrives and tells me with 
pride that he is a researcher for something called the Lonely Planet and he'd 
like to include me in the latest addition.

"People from all over the world will be coming to your door" he says.
*
well, I really had no choice, did I?
*
I turned him into a frog. * He's probably still somewhere near the well - I 
lost track of him.  If you visit the place, he's the one with the perpetually 
surprised look on his face.  Green.  You can't miss him.
*
I had to take Zomig for weeks afterwards .... my head was splitting.
*
*
You know what's been so unfair about all of this?  No one has even investigated 
the parents.

No one has questioned the fact that they left those children in the woods not 
once, but twice.  

No one has considered how difficult it is to be perpetually repairing the 
gingerbread those two were eating.  Look at me, do I look like the kind of 
person who should be on a roof, replacing shingles?  At my age?  And I'm on a 
fixed income.  It's not as if Royal Icing is cheap to make.
*
Look, you may as well just go away, I said I didn't want to talk.
*
really, no comment,
*
no comment at all

*....   *

 










Snow white
Sleeping Beauty

In one classic version of Sleeping Beauty, she received the
following gifts from the fairies:
· that she should be the most beautiful person in the
world
· that she should have the wit of an angel
· that she should have an admirable grace in
everything she did
· that she should sing like a nightingale
· that she should dance perfectly well
· that she should play all kinds of music to the utmost
perfection
In a modern version of Sleeping Beauty, called Sleeping Person of
Better-Than-Average Attractiveness, the fairies offer something
different:
Sleeping Person of Better-Than-Average
Attractiveness
Blessings
· blessed with a body image with which she is
comfortable
· have a keen analytical mind that also leaves room for
intuition and inspiration
· good math skills
The Curse
"May you grow up thinking you can't be complete without a
man, put unrealistic hopes of perfect and total happiness on
your marriage, and become a bored, dissatisfied, and
unfulfilled housewife."
