Wolf

Come in, come in .....please excuse me for not getting up, just don't have a 
lot of energy these days ... do make yourself comfy over there .. just pull 
things up.  Oh do be careful of the ________ there, it's a lovely gift from an 
old friend ... wouldn't want an accident now, would we?

Cup of tea? No?  Well you don't mind if I go on with mine now, do you? Lapsang 
Souchong ..always been my favourite.

Now let's see, you are here for that dreary little story again, aren't you?  
Well, children, make yourselves comfortable.

You know I really don't know why everything went sideways on me that day ... I 
mean, I've always been the kind that plans so well, and who likes things just 
so.  So unfortunate.  But there is just no wrestling with fate and I really 
don't see how I could have forseen things.

I had it all planned out, being spring and everything.  Granny had done her 
spring cleaning and I'd seen all her lovely, lovely nighties out on the line 
and I knew they were washed and fresh.

Well, on the day in question, I slipped through the forest and arrived at 
Grannie's door rather mid- morning, wouldn't want to upset the poor dear, would 
I?  I entered to find her in bed ... Grannie often stayed in bed when there 
wasn't a reason to get up.

“Granny!”, I said, “what are you doing in bed?  It's Thursday, senior's 
day at Wendys.”

“I thought it was Wednesday”, she says

“No, Thursday,” say I, “now you get yourself dressed and hurry down 
there.  Wouldn't want to miss all that free coffee would you?”

Actually it was Wednesday, but I needed her out of the house.  I would have 
done my .. um..... exploring, on a Thursday, as Granny is always out at Wendy's 
on Seniors Day, but the village people often drop by on Thursday when Granny's 
out, you see, to tidy and to leave things for her.  I just wanted her out of 
the way for an afternoon and no interruptions.

Anyway, never one to waste the opportunity to save a dollar on a drink, Granny 
hops out of bed and readies herself and pretty soon I see her limping away with 
her cane, off to town to take advantage of all that free caffiene.  I figured 
I'd have the whole afternoon to myself .. oh, lovely, lovely thought.

The first thing I did was strip all those nasty polyester/cotten sheets off the 
bed and put on Granny's Egyptian cotton ones .. you can always feel quality 
.... and then I went to the cedar chest and just salivated.  Really there was 
an embarrassment of choice.  Silk nighties with __________ lace,  
______________, ___________, it took some time to decide.   Of course these 
were rather old fashioned by then.  Granny must have had one of those lingerie 
parties when she got married and I swear most of those lovely, lovely things 
had never been worn.   Granny washed them once a year and then packed them all 
away again, I suppose ... such a shame.

I settled on a little silk number, with peak a boo lace and small pearl 
buttons, a little off the shoulder tease, oh, just thinking about the silk 
against my fur makes me growl with pleasure, and I made myself a cup of tea and 
used Granny's very best china and climbed into her bed.

I've always loved nice things about me and no matter how many voltives one 
uses, a wolf den is still a wolf den .. just has no flair!  And Granny's family 
had been rather well off.   I just sipped my tea and luxuriated in those sheets 
and felt that exquisite lace against me.  Such a beautiful memory.

Well after a while I began to get a bit peckish and went out to see what Granny 
had in her cupboards.  Nothing of quality I realized and was thinking I'd have 
to do with a nice cup of really strong coffee and some Peek Freens  when I 
heard someone at the door.

“Granny, Granny, are you home?”
It was that little Red Riding Hood brat, and I almost made up my mind to bolt 
the door and not let her in, when it came to me that she might have something 
good to eat in that basket of hers.  Some petite fours, or a lovely gateau, all 
filled with cream and chocolate .. so, without even thinking about it, I 
snuggled back into bed and pulled up the sheets.

The little brat let herself in immediately and started to prattle.  What is it 
about children that they think their stories are the least bit interesting?    
The child made herself at home, wandered around the room, tracking in dirt and 
just assuming she was welcome.   I kept as still as possible, hoping she'd just 
leave the basket and go, but eventually she realized that there wasn't much 
response and came up to the bed.

“Grandma” she said, “what big eyes you have”

“The better to see you with, my dear” I croaked, thinking “go away!  go 
away!

“Grandma”, she said, “what big ears you have”

“Hasn't your mother told you not to make personal remarks, young lady?”  I 
snapped at her, but young people are so self absorbed.

“Grandma,” she said, “what big teeth you have”, and she actually poked 
my incisors, cheeky little minx.  

“GET OUT OF THE HOUSE AND LET ME HAVE A BIT OF QUIET”  I yelled at her, and 
she dropped the basket and ran away.

Now you know there are all those wild stories about wolves eating babies and 
children,  but really, can you see me doing anything like that?  I mean, 
they're so coarse and sticky.  Well, maybe, with a bit of marinating, and  
after being rubbed with garlic and with a sprig of mint ... probably taste just 
like chicken.. but a lot more trouble ... no I don't think I'd bother.

Anyway, I was just exploring the basket, (chocolate eclairs, very nice), and 
thinking of brewing myself some really strong coffee, when the door crashed 
open and filling the doorway was the dishy-ist woodcutter I had ever seen.  For 
a moment I thought my day was going to be just perfect!  

“well, hello, big fellow,” I crooned, “want some chocolate?  I seen an 
eclair here with your name on it.  By the way, what is your name?”

By way of an answer he stepped into the room and swung the axe.  

Such a lovely _____________ table ... that mark will be on it forever, I'm sure 
Granny is still cross about it.

Anyway there was quite a chase, him swinging the axe and me running around the 
furniture, trying to stay out of the way.  At one point he knocked over a side 
table.  Just NO finesse.  Well, I was almost to the door at that point but I 
couldn't help myself.  I stopped and turned and shouted, “You moron, those 
are _____________ you just smashed, completely irreplacable.  I hope you're 
happy .. and I hope you can convince Granny not to sue.  

The man must have been an idiot, he looked at me with complete incomprehension, 
and then he came at me with the axe again!  One track mind, really.

So it wasn't the lovely day I was planning ... and I haven't been back to see 
Granny since then, because I'm sure she's a bit cross with me that she was 
required to pay for her coffee at Wendy's that Wednesday.  Still it wasn't a 
complete waste of a day.   

You see, I was still wearing that little nightie with the pearls, and even 
though the stains will never come out of the silk, in all the confusion this 
teacup got hooked to one of the buttons ... something I didn't discover until I 
got back to the den.  Now, are you sure you don't want any tea?  I indulge 
myself every afternoon at just this time ....

Lapsang Souchong.... just love that smoky flavour .....

