Wicked Women and One Lone Wolf

by Karla Hennig (2015)

Characters enter singly into a space not known to them.  They see and but not 
engage with the others in the room, though each of them carves out their own 
space.

when all have entered a light or some other indicator brings their attention to 
a basket of envelopes.  Each has one character name on it.

The characters take their envelope, and together open them - the letters are 
read out loud, each character taking a line.

Magda - You have been identififed 
Delilah - as a wicked woman 
Wolfgang - (wolf) 
Carabosse - and may be called  
Lilith - to account for all you have done. 
 
Ethel - You are hereby directed  and instructed 
Meredith - to review your lives and to 
Brangomar - contemplate the consequences of your choices.

Wolfgang - Resolute and purposeful reflection must be your goal. 
Gingema - An honest appraisal of the harm you have brought to others.

Anastasia - You may be called upon at any time in the future
Carolyn - to answer for the wickedness you have wrought.

Each character reacts in their own way, and, taking the letter, exits, leaving 
only Anastasia on stage to begin her monologue







Wicked Women and One Lone Wolf

by Karla Hennig (2015)


Currently there are no royalties for this show, however, no person or group may 
perform any parts of this piece without express written permission from the 
author.  (kjhennig@gmail.com)

The play is written so it may be performed in a variety of ways.

It may be done in its entirety, or a theme may emerge by selecting only 
specific monologues .. i.e. a fairy tale theme, using only the monologues which 
use characters from folk lore.  

Although the monologues are presented sequentially, there is some flexibility 
in the order of the show.  

The performance is conceived of as a whole show, as opposed to a sequence of 
monologues, so the director is encouraged to let the audience see the 
characters several times during the show, not only at the top and bottom and 
during their monologues.  

In the premier performance this was done by having characters do all the set 
changes "in character" and reveal more of their character in each sequence.  
Bossy characters directed others (in mime), vain characters spent time primping 
in front of a "mirror" instead of doing their part in the change, no nonsense 
characters barged about the stage doing their jobs then got in the way of 
others.  Each change was carefully choreographed and done in low light, with 
theme music in the background.  As this is a "wordy" piece, it also gave the 
audience time to look and be ready for the next character.  

This is merely a suggestion and the director is encouraged to find creative 
ways to include the characters throughout the show ...   for example, all 
characters could remain on stage watching each other and reacting, or 
characters could form the set using fabrics or light weight material, or 
characters could become the "audience" which the monologues talk to.  

Happy reading.

Karla Hennig 

May 2015


