Magda (Hansel and Gretel) 

(the *'s represent a personal repeating trait.  I envision this as a sniff, or 
a "tsk" sound that is a habit for the character.  It is up to the actor to 
devise what works for her)


Magda.. Magda of the forest  *   ....... *...

I bake houses of gingerbread, beautiful houses. 

*
And sometimes,
sometimes I roast childrens

* .... *

Well I do not know why you are sitting there like that, just looking at me
I have absolutely nothing to say.
*
nothing.
*
A woman of my age, here,
It is unheard of.   Attempted murder .. so stupid, so very, very stupid.
*
It is not as if there were not signs, clear for all to see.
"Please do not eat the gingerbreads"
"Trespassers will be roasted" 

And not just one or two -  all round.   You go back to the forest and see - 
they are everywhere

Ahhhh .... with all the publicitys there are probably none left.  Souvenir 
hunters will have taken them. Whole cottage has probably been eaten by now.

Years in the confectionery business, the victim of sticky fingered childrens 
and vandalism and I end up in prison .. there is  no justice in the world.
*

Yes, my family had a little bakery in the east; I grew up with the smell of 
yeast in my nostrils.  

Papa had a way with fruit bread that was unbelievable.  He and mother worked 
all day.  Up early in the morning to set loaves, serving all day in shop and 
then mixing special icings.  Whole family was slave to the business.

I was best at gingerbread, wafers, cookies that sort of things.  Always had a 
way with sweets.  A girl made of sugar and spice, that was me.

*
Of course, mother did not often let me serve behind the counter. * I just do 
not have a way with peoples.  The stupid things they ask ..
"is this bread fresh?"
"any egg and milk in this?  I cannot eat eggs"

"then do not come into shop" I tell them, 

Mother said I turned peoples away. *

After they pass I try to run shop on my own but it is too much work for one 
person and I really do not like being with peoples.
*
So I took a big breath, and decided it would be best if I moved away. Spent my 
last days alone, enjoying the peace.

I did not think I would be able to afford it at first.  Have you SEEN the price 
of lumber these days?  But I do not have a way with gingerbread and icings for 
nothing.   

Few trials here. Few trials there. And I make perfect place that could 
withstand the worst of  winter storms.

You do not know bliss, after years of being at call of publics, to have a place 
where I could do as I liked.

I chose place far, far off the trails.  Was perfectly happy by myself, in my 
cozy little house.

When all those hikers started to stumbled across cottage I had premonition that 
things would turn out badly. Oh I could usually scare them away.  I would 
pretend to be witch!  I kept odd looking stick and frightful hat by the door 
just in case.  I would barge out waving one and wearing the other and look very 
mean.

*
really, it was demeaning, but it was all I could think of.  Well, you could 
have used magic .. you do not bake all your life without picking up bit of 
magic .... but whenever I cast a spell I have headache for weeks.  Probably 
some sort of allergy to Latin.  Most of spells I know use Latin.
*
One year I had bad scare.  This cocky young thing arrives and tells me with 
pride that he is researcher for something called Lonely Planet and he would 
include me in latest addition.

“You could open tea shop, make a little money.” he says. "People from all 
over world will find their way to your door"
*
well, I really had no choice, did I?

I turned him into frog. * 

He is probably still somewhere near the well - I lost track of him.  If you 
visit the cottage, he is frog with surprised look on face.  Green.  You cannot 
miss him.
*
I had to take Zomig for weeks afterward .... my head was splitting.


You know what is so unfair about all this?  No one has even investigated 
parents.

No one has questioned fact that they left those childrens in the forest not 
once, but twice.  

No one has considered how difficult it is to be always repairing the 
gingerbread those two were eating.  Look at me, do I look like the kind of 
person who should be on roof, replacing shingles?  At my age?  And I am on a 
fixed income.  It is not as if Royal Icing is cheap to make.
*
Look, you may as well just go away, I said I did not want to talk.
*
really, no comment,
*
no comment at all

*

