 Lilith 
People call me Lilith, but I prefer the term "First Woman" because I WAS the 
first. Before Eve, before children, almost before the Garden.  Look, here's 
what they write about me.  

(Reading from a Bible type book) 
“Now, God had set Adam to name every beast – and when they past in pairs 
before him Adam, being jealous of their loves, cried: 'Every creature but I has 
a proper mate', and prayed God would remedy this injustice. 
“God then formed Lilith, the first woman, just as He had formed Adam. But 
Adam and Lilith never found peace together; for when he wished to lie with her, 
she took offence.  'Why must I lie beneath you?' she asked. 'I was made from 
dust, and am your equal.' “Because Adam tried to compel her obedience by 
force, Lilith, in a rage, uttered the magic name of God, rose into the air and 
left him.” 

Ah, men - such drama queens! It wasn't like that at all.  Hell, I quite like 
recumbent positions ... on certain days of the week.  And the time lines are 
all wrong too. They just don't pay attention to detail when they write those 
sweeping blockbusters.

You know, sometimes I feel I have a lot in common with the first Mrs. Ronald 
Reagan. Sometimes I wonder if she's sorry she didn't stay the distance - do the 
Smiley First Lady thing. Then I come to my senses and figure she was just 
grateful to have gotten away from that pompous windbag before it was too late.

It's not particularly fun to have one's name linked with Demons and Succubae 
but it's not a disaster either, and let's face it, Eve's life was no picnic. 
Having to put up with that lout, and then being blamed for all of the sins of 
the world. I'd rather be known as a sexual predator.

She was a smart cookie, was Eve.  Discovered quickly that Adam wasn't all that 
big in the brains department and he had no imagination whatsoever. When she 
appeared he had probably named about 20 of the animals of the earth. And he 
wasn't too original. 

“Adam”, Eve would say, gently, in that honeyed way, “Great Beast with 
Yellow Fur” could mean a lot of animals. Maybe we, I mean you, could come up 
with something a bit snappier.” 

After a significant amount of thinking he'd come up with “Great Beast with 
Yellow Fur and Ruff?” 

“Better”, she'd say brightly, “But how about … um “Lion”? It has a 
nice ring to it. Oh, my dear, you are so clever … and the “Small Round 
Platter Animal” could be called “Turtle”.“

“Tall Plant with Spiky Arms?” “Cactus”. 

Oh God in Heaven! The dance she did to make him think they were all his ideas. 
You can always spot the animals Adam named.... grass-hopper, star-fish, 
stick-bug, wood-pecker.  As I say, no imagination, and, man - he was a lot of 
work. 

Whenever she needed some down time, she'd come visit me. Oh yes. We'd get 
together for mead a couple of times a year when the boys were out hunting, for 
sacrifices or some macho thing. We got along well. We both knew the stresses of 
living with Adam, didn't have to talk about it, or if she did, I understood 
completely.  Every detail.  And we spent lots of time together … I was her 
refuge, where she could … relax, chill.  The place where there were no 
expectations, no “Shoulds”. And we had a lot in common. We both experienced 
the loss of our children. 

Well, of course I had children – those Demons can be very attractive, you 
know! But I lost most of them. You see, I was cursed when I refused the 
Angels’ polite “suggestion” that I return to the Garden. I was holidaying 
here at the Red Sea at the time. I informed them I wouldn't entertain the 
notion until I'd had a few weeks of R and R.  And then Adam and I would have to 
sit down with an independent party before I would even consider a 
reconciliation. But no – instead of giving my side any thought, the Angel 
just - cursed me. Told me that, because of my “insubordination”, I was 
destined to see hundreds of my children, and my children's children, die each 
year.

Lucky I was never very maternal. 

I never actually raised a child ... just carried and delivered them and handed 
them back to the Demon. “You were happy enough to play”, I'd say, “Now 
it's your turn to work. Believe me labour is called labour for a reason and 
I've done my part.”

But Eve wasn't like that … she lived for her children. She aged so much after 
she lost Abel. He was the gentlest of the boys; I liked him best. I remember, 
when he was a teen.  Eve would sometimes bring him when she came to visit... 
get him away from the more brutal of his brothers. 

After Eve lost Abel; after the “unfortunate incident” which is what she 
always called it; her heart was broken.  I don't know how she managed to deal 
with Cain from then on.  I said to her, “What you need is a complete change.  
Come and live with me. You can even bring your children if you must. Leave the 
Garden and cranky old Adam and start fresh.”

But she wouldn't. Said the children needed a father.  “He won't even miss 
you.” I said, “He'll be too busy talking with Satan.”  I don't know why 
those two were such great buddies. I mean, Satan is a clever boots. But 
insecure. Very insecure. I suppose once you mount a rebellion and lose, you 
always know that you're not quite good enough.  So He just kept Adam around to 
make Himself feel superior.  Which wasn't difficult, let me tell you.

That's when Eve started to self-medicate. I swear. I was there. I saw it 
happening.

I'm not sure how she figured out how to conjure a still, but after a while, no 
fruit tree in the Garden was immune. When God got wind of it he said “No more 
fruit.” Pfft. Oh, that woman could make alcohol out of anything. I'll never 
forget trying her Cowslip wine. That last time she visited, it was all she 
brought.  Cowslip Wine. And her tears. Still, her Apple was the best by far.  
At first she would just pick a few here and there so they weren't missed … 
but, addiction grows. Pretty soon even a blind God would have figured it out. 
So he sent them out of the Garden, thinking she would sober up and get clean.

Never happened. 

And I do miss her.

Me?  Oh, I pretty much stick around the Red Sea these days. I mean, it's been 
my home for so long. Of course, I still visit Innocents some nights. One can't 
be a Succubus for that many years and stop cold turkey. But I have to admit 
that I'm no longer even a Cougar ...  I'm definitely in the “Dragon” 
category these days.  Which makes me sometimes think “Eeeuuuuwww”. 

And Demons aren't around as much as they once were, are they?

But I do like my view. I spend a lot of my time looking at my view. 




