Carabosse (Sleeping Beauty)

Ok, let's get this part over with
Carabosse, not Maleficent...fairy godmother ..... 
Cursed Beauty at her christening. Said she would die by the prick of a spinning 
wheel on her 16th Birthday?
Some other fairy changed death to sleeping for 100 years, so Beauty became 
Sleeping Beauty. 

They all say I was an evil Fairy Godmother, a Wicked one, but I just say Fairy 
Godmother, full stop.

Look ... we all know I was not at my best the day the Beauty was christened. 
And I know that it took me a while to figure that out ..... time ..... and a 
whole lot of sessions with my therapist. So we've covered all that, okay? No 
need to belabour it .. .... no need to deal with family expectations and anger 
issues and the like. Been there, done that.
I used to lie in bed thinking of all the people in the world who hadn't been 
good to me and having really good fantasies of how their lives wouldn't go. In 
my perfect fantasy world, I was happy … and everyone else was dead.
But after some therapy, I've come to change my mind about that … a bit.
I never was good at people, you see. When you are a fairy godmother you don't 
get the choice. No one says “go out there and find someone you really connect 
with.” No, they have a roster, and they hand you a few names, a wand and off 
you go. No training. It's a big consortium; they also run the tooth fairy and 
the sand man franchises. When I joined they almost handed me a ladder and some 
quarters until I figured out I was in the wrong line. That's how much they care.

There's always been something cutesy about those who choose to be fairy 
godmothers. I mean, take the chick who had that Ella girl. She could have 
arrived at the house with a coach and footmen, but she has to be all creative 
and ask for pumpkins and mice. Showy type. When I taxed her with it she says 
“well, you have to use some raw materials, you know, you can't make things up 
out of thin air!”

“ Oh yeah,” I said, “so where did you get those glass slippers?
That fixed her wagon.

Of course, she's the type who always score well on the evaluation sheets the 
clients fill out later. I never do all that well on the evaluations. I'm not 
showy or dramatic. And I'm DEFINITELY not a people person. 

I joined to please my mother; I really wanted to be a chartered accountant 
…but she insisted. “They'll always be a job for fairy godmothers” she 
used to say, “there's always wishing in the world and with this new economic 
downturn, accountants are really going to get bad press. What would people say? 
We won't be able to show our faces in the neighbourhood. You'll shame the 
family. And besides you'll make people happy as a Fairy Godmother! Won't that 
be nice?”. 

Happy? She doesn't know the half of it. Clients are seldom happy. It's the 
sense of entitlement they have that gets me. They find out they have a fairy 
godmother and they start demanding the moon. It's draining, it really is. 

They want three wishes and then try the “my first wish is that I have 
infinite wishes” stuff which they think is so clever. The fine print took 
care of that years ago. Then... they kiss a frog to make a prince and complain 
about his bulging eyes and his clammy skin. There's no pleasing them. And they 
get all huffy. 

“ This relationship just isn't working” they say. 
“ Well tell it to get a paper route then” I’d tell them. Relationships 
don't have to work, they just have to be got through.

But back to Beauty. I knew there had been a mix up the moment I got there. I 
mean, no one gets 12 fairy godmothers. No one. It was probably someone in the 
IT department, playing a joke and forgetting to reset the computer allocations 
later.
Still, I arrived to find 12 invited fairy godmothers and my shrink says my 
issues just rose unbidden; I couldn't help myself! I didn't mean to wish her 
dead, mind you ... but I had been having those fantasies about me being happy 
and things just got out of hand.

The poor thing was just a little lump of white dough anyway, and there they 
were, competing to make her a doll, a perfect doll. Not a woman at all. 
She would be the most beautiful girl in the world, have the wit of an angel. 
She'd be wonderfully graceful, sing like a nightingale, dance elegantly, and 
play all kinds of instruments.

If I'd already been through counselling I might have offered her a body image 
she was comfortable with, or good math skills. But I saw red ... then I saw the 
castle had been done up like a faux peasant cottage with tacky “down home” 
decorations, and there was a spinning wheel in the middle of the ballroom and I 
made that stupid prediction about her pricking her finger and dying.

I guess it's lucky for me that the last fairy godmother hadn't given her gift 
yet. She probably saved me from a few years in prison .. but really, to say she 
would sleep a hundred years and then waken with a kiss. Showy, like all of them.
Did she have any idea of the difficulty that girl would have? One hundred years 
is a long time. Society changes.
I made sure I was around when the prince slashed through all those vines and 
kissed the girl. You have to give him credit ... the people were all frozen, 
but the rest of the castle wasn't and place hadn't been cleaned in 100 years. 
The rat shit alone was enough to warn almost anyone off....and the smell... not 
for the faint of heart.

They got married immediately, it was all so romantic. The paparazzi was hot on 
their heels, but it wasn't a happy match, not even in the beginning.

You see, Beauty hadn't been given intelligence. It takes a fine and flexible 
mind to make the jump of 100 years. She was stuck in old fashioned mode and all 
the “hey nonnie, nonnie” songs she could sing and all the quadrilles she 
could dance didn't make up for the fact that she and the prince had no common 
interests or history. She'd never heard of Starbucks or Justin Beiber or 
Facebook! Other girls her age thought she was a freak, and the world in general 
doesn't look kindly on a 16 year old marrying, even if it is into monarchy. 

Of course they put on a good face in public, but it's pretty terrible in the 
privacy of the castle I hear. No one in the castle wants anything to do with 
her, so it seems...(laugh) ...it seems that she's taken up spinning and 
weaving. She's pretty much the pet of the “back to the earth, let's make all 
our own shapeless, home spun clothes” industry. But she doesn't know a thing 
... hadn't even seen a spinning wheel until her 16th birthday. Still, she's 
photogenic and demure and she does what she's told. 
After that, I wasn't allowed any more clients. The consortium tried to cut me 
loose, but I hadn't signed just any contract with them … I'd read the small 
print and I knew my rights. So, they put me in finance.
I'm head of the accounts department now... and, they say, not to be confused 
with a member of the human race. 
Now that makes me happy.

