Wolfgang (Red Riding Hood) 
revised December 2014 
Come in my darlings, come in … excuse me for not getting up … I just don't 
have a lot of energy these days. 
Do make yourself comfy over there - just pull things up. 
Oh puh-leeze be careful of my Italian glass there, it's a gift from a special 
friend … wouldn't want an accident now, would we? 
Cup of tea? No? Well you don't mind if I go on with mine now, do you? Lapsang 
Souchong … always been my favourite.

Oh — I remember now, you're here for that dreary little story about the wood 
cutter, and the red hooded girl aren't you?  Very well, children, make 
yourselves comfortable. Cozy? Good. Well, this is nice, isn't it? Just us girls 
together. 
As I told the courts, it wasn't a burglary or a home invasion. Can you see me 
all dressed in dreary black and picking a lock? Preposterous. It was merely an 
exploratory excursion into some very fine linens. 
I don't know why everything went sideways on me that day. I had it all planned 
out so well; being spring and everything. Grandma had done her spring cleaning, 
you see, and I'd seen all her lovely, lovely nighties out on the line all 
washed and fresh. 
Anyway, on the day in question, I stole through the forest and arrived at 
Grandma's door rather mid-morning. I entered to find her in bed. 
"Grandma!", I said, "what are you doing in bed? It's Thursday, senior's day at 
Wendy’s." 
“Wolfgang! I thought it was Wednesday", she says. 
"No, Thursday," says I, "now you get yourself dressed and hurry down there. 
Wouldn't want to miss all that free coffee now, would you?" 
Actually it was Wednesday, but I needed her out of the house. I would have done 
my — um — exploring, on a Thursday, as Grandma is always out at Wendy's on 
Seniors Day, but she has a girl in on those days. I just wanted everyone out of 
the way for an afternoon, and no interruptions. 
Anyway, never one to waste the opportunity to save a dollar, Grandma hops out 
of bed and pretty soon I see her hobbling down the lane on her walking-stick, 
off to town to take advantage of all that free caffeine. I figured I'd have the 
whole afternoon to myself — oh, lovely, lovely thought. 
The first thing I did was strip all those nasty polyester/cotton sheets off the 
bed and put on Grandma's Egyptian cotton ones — you can feel quality — and 
then I went to the cedar chest and just salivated. Really there was an 
embarrassment of choice. Silk nighties with Venetian lace, peignoirs by Dior, 
and cutest little bustiers.  It took some time to decide. 
I settled on a little silk number, with peek-a-boo lace and small pearl 
buttons, a little off-the-shoulder tease — oh, just thinking about the silk 
against my fur makes me growl with pleasure — and I made myself a cup of tea 
with Grandma's very best Royal Albert and climbed into her bed. 
I've always loved nice things about me and no matter how many votives one uses, 
a wolf den is still a wolf den … just has no panache!  I just sipped my tea 
and luxuriated in those sheets and felt that exquisite lace against me. Such a 
beautiful memory. 
Well, after a while I began to get a bit peckish and went out to see what 
Grandma had in her cupboards. Nothing of quality, and I was thinking I'd have 
to make do with a nice cup of really strong coffee and some Peek Freans, when I 
heard someone at the door. 
"Granny, Granny, are you home?" 
It was that little Red Riding Hood brat. I almost made up my mind to bolt the 
door and not let her in, when it came to me that she might have something good 
to eat in that basket of hers— so, I snuggled back into bed and pulled up the 
sheets. 
The little brat let herself in immediately and started to prattle. What is it 
about children that they think their stories are the least bit interesting? The 
child wandered about, tracking in dirt. I kept as still as possible, hoping 
she'd just leave the basket and go, that I could convincingly fake a coma, but 
eventually she realized that there wasn't a response and came up to the bed. 
"Granny" she said, "what big eyes you have" 
"The better to see you with, my dear" I croaked, thinking "go away! go away!" 
"Granny", she said, "what big ears you have" 
"Hasn't your mother told you not to make personal remarks, young lady?" I 
snapped, but young people are so self absorbed. 
"Granny," she said, "what big teeth you have", and she actually poked my 
bicuspid, cheeky little minx. 
"GET OUT OF THIS HOUSE AND LET ME HAVE A BIT OF QUIET" I yelled at her, and she 
dropped the basket and ran. 
Now you know there are all those wild stories about wolves eating babies and 
children, but really, can you see me doing anything like that? I mean, they're 
so sticky. Well, maybe, with a bit of marinating, after being rubbed with 
garlic and sprinkled with oregano — probably taste just like chicken … but 
a lot more trouble — no, I don't think I'd bother. 
Anyway, I was just exploring the basket, (chocolate eclairs, very nice), and 
thinking of brewing myself some really strong coffee, when the door crashed 
open and filling the doorway was the hunkiest woodcutter I had ever seen. For a 
moment I thought my day was going to be just perfect! 
"Well, hello, big fellow," I crooned, "want some chocolate? I seem to have an 
eclair here with your name on it. By the way, what is your name?" 
By way of an answer he strode into the room and swung the axe. 
Such a lovely Pembroke table ... that gouge will be in it forever. 
Anyway there was quite a chase, him swinging the axe and me running around the 
furniture, trying to stay out of the way. At one point he knocked over a side 
table. Just NO finesse. 
Well, I was almost to the door at that point but I couldn't help myself. I 
stopped and turned and shouted, "You moron, those are Murano figures you just 
smashed, completely irreplaceable. I hope you're happy … and I hope you can 
convince Grandma not to sue." 
The man must have been an idiot — he looked at me with complete 
incomprehension, and then he came at me with the axe again! One track mind, 
really. 
So it wasn't the lovely day I was planning,  and I haven't been back to see 
Grandma since then, because I'm sure she's a bit cross with me that she was 
required to pay for her coffee at Wendy's that Wednesday. Still it wasn't a 
complete waste of a day. 
You see, I was still wearing that little nightie with the pearls, and even 
though the stains will never come out, in all the confusion this teacup got 
hooked to one of the buttons — something I didn't discover until I got back 
to the den. Now, are you sure you don't want any tea? I indulge myself every 
afternoon at just this time …
Lapsang Souchong … just love that smoky flavour … 
