Delilah: 

My name is Delilah and you don't know shit about me. You only know the lies you 
get from the bible.

I hate to admit it, but this is a sign of age. This is what I've been reduced 
to. Talking instead of doing .. now it is Delilah speaks, not Delilah acts.

So now I talk about my past. My job. My work. It was always my work.

I was a spy, a well paid spook. I've done some unsavoury things but on my own 
terms. I've run my own career. Well, a woman has to, doesn't she? If she's not 
to be put out with the garbage when her looks fade?

I was beautiful, very beautiful. Enigmatic, sensual, exotic. And an agent. Back 
in Biblical times.

And you want to hear about Samson and his hair, don't you?

The Samson case was pretty straight forward, he got what he deserved. If you 
don't remember, Samson was a judge, in ancient Israel. He had the strength of a 
thousand men, no one could defeat him in battle. No one.

People don't tell you a lot about his story, it's too unsavoury. You hear of a 
man betrayed by a woman, who lost his strength when she cut his hair. I was 
that woman.

Why did I betray Samson? I was paid. But it was a pleasure as well. He was mad 
and dangerous. Spoiled. He considered himself one of "god's chosen" which meant 
he could act any way he pleased.

If he saw a fine looking woman he took her. If he wanted money he stole, power 
he killed. A bully. Even his marriage ended badly, in the first few hours. 
Entirely his own fault. A seven day bachelor party, a riddle that couldn't be 
answered... Why didn't he just stick with endless rounds of "there was a young 
woman from Ashdod" and dancing girls jumping out of large date cakes?

Not for Samson, even his bachelor party had to be a contest.

His wife, poor girl, she was doomed from the moment he set eyes on her. He 
killed her, along with 30 luckless and rather stupid wedding guests who were 
unwise enough to guess his riddle. They made Samson lose his own contest. He 
wasn't a "gracious" loser .. he killed those who bested him. That was the 
beginning.

Samson always had a taste for slaying, but the wedding episode whetted his 
appetite. He killed the would be wedding guests, he burned down granaries, he 
set the tails of foxes alight, he grabbed the jawbone of a donkey and pummelled 
people to death.

The man had some serious anger issues.

The whole region was wondering how they could lock him up. What's that joke? 
May god bless and keep Judge Samson …. far away from us. No one could figure 
out what to do with him. He was too strong to be kept down, see, and his 
vengeance was absolute.

That's when they came to me.

(I had a reputation for effectively dealing with hard cases. And I have to tell 
you, it wasn't just the Philistines who were my contacts … there were some 
from the Jewish community as well. They knew a mad man when they saw one.)

It was simple to seduce him.. the man thought with his cock. He was used to 
getting what he liked, so I made sure that he saw me, and that he wanted me. 
Getting him into bed was easy. But it takes more than that.

Sometimes that's the issue. They say they'll die if they can't have you but, 
disappointingly, they never follow through..if they did you wouldn't have to do 
much. But it's all talk.

They'll promise everything until you take them to bed, and then you have to 
work fast before they tire of you. But he was easy. A few simulated orgasms, 
some well placed compliments, and I had him.

Still, I had to be cunning to find the source of his strength and power, mad 
people can be canny, and he didn't give his secrets up easily.

“What's the secret to your strength?” I'd ask, as I stroked the muscles on 
his arms. “What makes you unbeatable” I'd enquire as I traced the tendons 
on his neck, “I want to know all about you” I'd purr as I played with the 
hair on his chest.

It took a while,he told me a bunch of lies but I kept at him. I persevered till 
he told me..

His strength came from his hair. It had never been shorn.

So I cut off his locks as he slept, I called the guard to bind him and I've 
never had any regrets. You can't go around acting immoral just because you 
think you are god's chosen.

If you ask me .. I'm the most moral person in that particular story. I took a 
contract, I fulfilled it.

I stuck to my bargain.

But that's enough of that story

Today I've spoken with words

I spoke then with actions..

Then and now, I say, “enough”

