Wicked Women and One Lone Wolf

by Karla Hennig (2015)


Currently there are no royalties for this show, however, no person or group may 
perform any parts of this piece without express written permission from the 
author.  (kjhennig@gmail.com)

The play is written so it may be performed in a variety of ways.

It may be done in its entirety, or a theme may emerge by selecting only 
specific monologues .. i.e. a fairy tale theme, using only the monologues which 
use characters from folk lore.  

Although the monologues are presented sequentially, there is some flexibility 
in the order of the show.  

The performance is conceived of as a whole show, as opposed to a sequence of 
monologues, so the director is encouraged to let the audience see the 
characters several times during the show, not only at the top and bottom and 
during their monologues.  

In the premier performance this was done by having characters do all the set 
changes "in character" and reveal more of their character in each sequence.  
Bossy characters directed others (in mime), vain characters spent time primping 
in front of a "mirror" instead of doing their part in the change, no nonsense 
characters barged about the stage doing their jobs then got in the way of 
others.  Each change was carefully choreographed and done in low light, with 
theme music in the background.  As this is a "wordy" piece, it also gave the 
audience time to look and be ready for the next character.  

This is merely a suggestion and the director is encouraged to find creative 
ways to include the characters throughout the show ...   for example, all 
characters could remain on stage watching each other and reacting, or 
characters could form the set using fabrics or light weight material, or 
characters could become the "audience" which the monologues talk to.  

Happy reading.

Karla Hennig 

May 2015



Wicked Women and One Lone Wolf

by Karla Hennig (2015)

Characters enter singly into a space not known to them.  They see and but not 
engage with the others in the room, though each of them carves out their own 
space.

when all have entered a light or some other indicator brings their attention to 
a basket of envelopes.  Each has one character name on it.

The characters take their envelope, and together open them - the letters are 
read out loud, each character taking a line.

Magda - You have been identififed 
Delilah - as a wicked woman 
Wolfgang - (wolf) 
Carabosse - and may be called  
Lilith - to account for all you have done. 
 
Ethel - You are hereby directed  and instructed 
Meredith - to review your lives and to 
Brangomar - contemplate the consequences of your choices.

Wolfgang - Resolute and purposeful reflection must be your goal. 
Gingema - An honest appraisal of the harm you have brought to others.

Anastasia - You may be called upon at any time in the future
Carolyn - to answer for the wickedness you have wrought.

Each character reacts in their own way, and, taking the letter, exits, leaving 
only Anastasia on stage to begin her monologue







Anastasia - (Cinderella)

I'm Anastasia, I'm Cinderella's .. ug .... ug.... ug... ugly..

NO!   less attractive step sister. 

Happy now?
Less attractive, that's as far as I'm willing to go.
 
This place is a pigsty. No matter how much I sweep, dust blows in the door, 
mice run about. 

Here in my home I'm always besieged by tourists. Yes! Tourists. 

You know what they want? they want to see the childhood home of "Queen Cinders" 
... I suppose one should say Queen Ella. And no, we never called her 
“Cinderella”, we called her Cinders .. because she was always sooty. Came 
from forever huddling near the fire.

I know what you are thinking .. absolutely no resemblance between the two of 
us. I'm a big woman, I was a big girl ..... wide, tall, just like my sister and 
my mother. We're a big family, and we ... aren't ashamed of it. And remember, 
Cinders, dainty, tiny Cinders was a step sister .. her father married my mother 
.. we aren't related by blood .. Oil and water, people from two different 
planets ... 

Just around the time of the marriage, the magazines wanted to do one of those 
stories about our place ... "the horrid hovel where our poor, precious princess 
spent her youthful years" .. but Cinders was never keen to show how low her 
roots were .. young Prince Charming might have changed his mind. He was always 
flighty .. He fell "desperately in love" over a few dances and after a lot of 
champagne. You don't exactly get a lot of talking done on the dance floor.

"Yes, yes, yes" I always say . "This IS the kitchen where our "poor queen" 
huddled near the fire, that's her tiny stool .. all very touching."

But I'll tell you, it wasn't so touching when we were teens, when we were 
growing up. Cinders was always full of pique ... she didn't HAVE to sleep in 
the fireplace. She didn't like to climb the stairs, not with her misshapen feet 
.. and this damn house has always been cold. It was because we were paying for 
her orthopaedic shoes that there wasn't enough coal in the winter.

You didn't know she wore orthopaedic shoes?

Well, how do you think Mr. Charming found the right girl with that glass 
slipper? There are plenty of women with size 5 1/2 feet in this kingdom. Those 
glass slippers were made to fit Cinders' feet .. and that means they would fit 
no one else.  Her feet have a very particular shape. NOT attractive at all. 
Ugly, in fact.

It was a problem from birth ... she doesn't like to talk about it ... she 
doesn't like us to talk about it either.

No, it was always Cinders, with her consumptive chest and her weird shaped 
feet, and her allergies. My god the girl had allergies. Couldn't eat potatoes, 
couldn't eat bread, couldn't eat porridge. The girl couldn't eat anything that 
was cheap and kept on the weight in the winter. That's why she was so slender. 
The place was cold, and she never ate anything. Liked strawberries, though. 
Used to whine for them, constantly. I hear she has chocolate dipped 
strawberries for breakfast every morning and I notice her clothes aren't 
exactly falling off her these days. 

Mother tried, she really did. Especially just after Cinder's dad died.

Cinders' father .. he was something. He SAID he had money, and I suppose he 
did, but he also liked a good drink, and once he moved into mother's house, he 
could sell his own and drink away all the profits. Every notice how Cinders 
refers to her "poor dead father ... gone before his time" but doesn't say how 
he died? Personally I think it was cirrhosis of the liver. 

After he'd gone we had his debts and his whinging daughter. Drucella and I knew 
what she was going through. She wasn't the only one who lost a father in her 
young life ... but she was always the drama queen. No one had a father like 
her; no one had ever suffered as she suffered. And being so tiny and slender 
the “waif look” suited her. That girl could look coy and enticing in a 
burlap sack.  

What really hurts is how she treated mother after the marriage. Oh we were 
invited to the wedding, but were seated as far back as possible. I know she 
arranged that Drucella and I were to be kept off the dance floor. You would 
have thought that someone would have asked the queen to be's sisters to dance. 
But no, Drucella and I sat there all evening, at the edge of the dance floor, 
with smiles pasted to our faces. Everyone passed us by.  It was humiliating. 

And since the wedding ... one invite to the castle a year. It got to be that 
mother didn't want to show her face in the neighbourhood.

When the old king died it was the last straw. We attended the coronation though 
we were in the very back, had to stand. Not even a stool for poor mother. We 
watched a triumphant Cinders get crowned. She was already getting porky back 
then, but she had a marvellous designer for her coronation dress..... those 
gems were sewn ever so cunningly to give her a more vertical line.

Anyway, she received the crown, then turned to wave at the crowd. And she 
locked eyes with me. Of all the people in that place, she sought out me. Then 
Drucella, then mother. She stared at each of us ... with enmity, with malice. 
And we knew she was never going to let things settle between us. 

The next day Drucella and Mother packed up and went on an extended "tour" of 
watering places. They've never been back.

I'm made of sterner stuff. I go about my business, completely ignore the fact 
that the queen is my step sister. I let things slide.

But I've won. Because I'm always on her mind. All I have to do is emerge from 
the house for a few days wearing something shabby and a bundle of clothes 
appear. Our gracious queen along with her dim husband, can't afford to have the 
tabloids write about the queen's sister in dire need.

So I get these parcels. Clothes that are good, but not too good. Money enough 
for my wants. I'm always on her mind.

But really, I seldom, if ever think of her .... 

hardly ever ....



(note - in the premier production, Delilah is working on a wig on a wig stand 
throughout the monologue.  That, or moving the the ever present mirror to look 
at herself.  After all, she always DID have a thing about hair).

Delilah: (bible)

My name is Delilah and you don't know shit about me. You only know the lies you 
get from the bible.

I hate to admit it, but this is a sign of age. This is what I've been reduced 
to. Talking instead of doing .. now it is Delilah speaks, not Delilah acts.

So now I talk about my past. My job. My work. It was always my work.

I was a spy, a well paid spook. I've done some unsavoury things but on my own 
terms. I've run my own career. Well, a woman has to, doesn't she? If she's not 
to be put out with the garbage when her looks fade?

I was beautiful, very beautiful. Enigmatic, sensual, exotic. And an agent. Back 
in Biblical times.

And you want to hear about Samson and his hair, don't you?

The Samson case was pretty straight forward, he got what he deserved. If you 
don't remember, Samson was a judge, in ancient Israel. He had the strength of a 
thousand men, no one could defeat him in battle. No one.

People don't tell you a lot about his story, it's too unsavoury. You hear of a 
man betrayed by a woman, who lost his strength when she cut his hair. I was 
that woman.

Why did I betray Samson? I was paid. But it was a pleasure as well. He was mad 
and dangerous. Spoiled. He considered himself one of "god's chosen" which meant 
he could act any way he pleased.

If he saw a fine looking woman he took her. If he wanted money he stole, power 
he killed. A bully. Even his marriage ended badly, in the first few hours. 
Entirely his own fault. A seven day bachelor party, a riddle that couldn't be 
answered... Why didn't he just stick with endless rounds of "there was a young 
woman from Ashdod" and dancing girls jumping out of large date cakes?

Not for Samson, even his bachelor party had to be a contest.

His wife, poor girl, she was doomed from the moment he set eyes on her. He 
killed her, along with 30 luckless and rather stupid wedding guests who were 
unwise enough to guess his riddle. They made Samson lose his own contest. He 
wasn't a "gracious" loser .. he killed those who bested him. That was the 
beginning.

Samson always had a taste for slaying, but the wedding episode whetted his 
appetite. He killed the would be wedding guests, he burned down granaries, he 
set the tails of foxes alight, he grabbed the jawbone of a donkey and pummelled 
people to death.

The man had some serious anger issues.

The whole region was wondering how they could lock him up. What's that joke? 
May god bless and keep Judge Samson …. far away from us. No one could figure 
out what to do with him. He was too strong to be kept down, see, and his 
vengeance was absolute.

That's when they came to me.

I had a reputation for effectively dealing with hard cases. And I have to tell 
you, it wasn't just the Philistines who were my contacts … there were some 
from the Jewish community as well. They knew a mad man when they saw one.

It was simple to seduce him.. the man thought with his cock. He was used to 
getting what he liked, so I made sure that he saw me, and that he wanted me. 
Getting him into bed was easy. But it takes more than that.


Sometimes that's the issue. They say they'll die if they can't have you but, 
disappointingly, they never follow through.. But it's all talk.

They'll promise everything until you take them to bed, and then you have to 
work fast before they tire of you. But he was easy. A few simulated orgasms, 
some well placed compliments, and I had him.

Still, I had to be cunning to find the source of his strength and power, mad 
people can be canny, and he didn't give his secrets up easily.

“What's the secret to your strength?” I'd ask, as I stroked the muscles on 
his arms. “What makes you unbeatable” I'd enquire as I traced the tendons 
on his neck, “I want to know all about you” I'd purr as I played with the 
hair on his chest.

It took a while,he told me a bunch of lies but I kept at him. I persevered till 
he told me..

His strength came from his hair. It had never been shorn.

So I cut off his locks as he slept, I called the guard to bind him and I've 
never had any regrets. You can't go around acting immoral just because you 
think you are god's chosen.

If you ask me .. I'm the most moral person in that particular story. I took a 
contract, I fulfilled it.

I stuck to my bargain.

But that's enough of that story

Today I've spoken with words

I spoke then with actions..

Then and now, I say, “enough”

Gingema - the Wizard of OZ

I guess you would call me wicked, I like wicked
Wicked hair, wicked clothes, wicked shoes .. especially shoes.
I had a pair of wicked ruby slippers once, that was sweet.
Oh, I'm Gingerma, bettter known as the "Wicked Witch of the East". You know ... 
the tornado, the house, Dorothy and Toto, (as the WW of the West) "and your 
little dog too"
Do you know the best thing about heaven?  It's quiet.  Oh, heavenly, heavenly 
quiet.  This place just roars with quiet,  shrieks with stillness, trumpets 
tranquillity.  After my life with the little guys it is pure heaven ...
oh, yeah, well it IS heaven, isn't it?  Silly me!
 When I first got here, and believe me, I was surprised as anyone to find 
myself in heaven, I had this fear that the place would be rampant with harp 
music.  I mean, it would be better than Munchkin songs, but how much incessant 
music can one take?  There were days in Munchkin land when I really thought I 
was losing my sanity.  "One more quaffing song" I'd think, "and I'll bash the 
lot of you!"
 But now ...I sit leisurely on those clouds over there or wander around the 
Pearly Gate Parking Lot and enjoy things.  Ahhh ... simple pleasures. Simple.
 Well, I had SIMPLE pleasures back in Oz.  There is nothing so simple as a 
Munchkin.  What is it about little people .. they don't know how to grow up?  
They just look up at you with those big blue eyes and expect you to take care 
of everything: laws, libraries, laundrettes, lotteries. I opened them all, then 
made laws about them. All they did was dance around and get in the way. And 
they drink!  I tell you, the Munchkins crack that first ale by nine in the 
morning, and keep going until they’re losing their lollipops all OVER the 
Yellow  Brick Road. It was disgusting!
 The Munchkins.  They were the real cause of my death.  I know everyone says 
it was that house falling down, but if I had been looking up, or even walking 
properly, I would have seen it.
 But you don't look up when you live amongst little people.  You spend your 
time navigating their annoying wiggling walks, and trying not to trip over 
their children.   When I turned 45 I looked at myself in the mirror and saw a 
crone. It wasn't because my face was old, or because of wrinkles. But I was 
stooped, years of watching your feet makes your spine turn downward.
 I know.  People say I looked down to watch my ruby slippers. They did go SO 
well with my black skirts .. just a twinklin', and glistenin'.  Next to 
Glinda's spring outfits, the Ruby slippers were the brightest thing in all of 
Munchkin Land.  I loved them.  They say you can't take it with you .. but I 
would have LOVED to have brought them along. Of course, they never looked their 
best with those damn striped stockings.
 You see, every year, on Munchkin Day - don't ask, it was always ghastly -  I 
had to accept the annual Tribute From The People.  And every year some class 
was assigned to knitting me these damned stockings.  You never knew what the 
colour scheme would be, and whatever they did, the dropped stitches drooped and 
the frightful colour combinations completely clashed with the Ruby Slippers.
 When I was a teen I put up a fuss.  "you couldn't pay me to wear that stuff" 
I declared to my mother... but when you rule a kingdom you do a lot of things 
you would rather not.
 By the way I'm called "Wicked" because, on my inaugural Tribute Day; when I 
accepted the first gruesome set of stockings I smiled graciously and said "Good 
people of Munchkin Land.  I thank you for your beautiful present.  I shall 
wear these with pride when I think of the love they carry..... In fact I will 
look wicked in them!"
 The papers got things out of context.  "New ruler promises to be wicked - 
wicked witch of the east" screamed the headlines.  Stupid. Now I'm in heaven I 
wear any socks I damn well please.
 You know, the Day of My Demise was sunny.  I was doing my usual stroll 
amongst the little people.. smiling sagely, tapping a few heads with my finger 
nails as I walked by.
 THEY were all looking up at me and THEY scattered pretty quickly.  I was too 
concerned about the little tykes running through my legs ... I didn't have a 
chance. Strange, not one of them yelled “look out”.. I don't know why.
 Now there's one thing I need to make perfectly clear.  I NEVER, EVER stepped 
on a Munchkin child.  Not that I didn't fantasize about it.  I mean those 
kids are so little and squeaky and loud.  I could have stamped on 'em with no 
trouble at all.
 But, I WAS their sovereign.  To tell you the truth, I never allowed myself 
to step on one, no matter how much clatter they made, because I knew if I did 
it would be too hard to stop.  Sort of like popping bubble wrap .... a tiny 
surprised yelp and then delightful, blissful silence.  How could you resist 
doing just one more, and then one more after that?
 No, I never stepped on them.
Well, maybe I did ...but only once .... or twice... or ....
But a sovereign's job is HARD. All those speeches and songs I had to endure. 
The songs, the horrid, out of tune, repetitive songs, I hated those. I break 
out all cold and clammy just thinking of them.
Each time as I stepped forward to take that year's terrible tights I would 
smile charmingly and think "I'd like to put that lollipop where the sun don't 
shine, boy".  Some of the more obnoxious ones saw the gleam in my eye and 
would back up suddenly.  One year some kid fell off the platform.  That was a 
good year.
 I never did figure out how Elpha, that's my big sister, the wicked witch of 
the west, ended up ruling the Winky kingdom with those hunky winged monkeys, 
and I was stuck with a bunch of midgets.
 I always had a thing for those winged monkeys.  I certainly enjoyed their 
company when I was in Oz.  Elpha's favourite was Clarence, the pecks on that 
boy!    Well, with all the flying he did, of course his chest muscles would 
be .... um .... developed.
 Mother said to stay away from them.  They weren't really winged monkeys but 
sort of a Neanderthal offshoot that had developed wings instead of complex 
language.  Clarence wasn't one for iambic pentameter but his movements were 
pure poetry.  Oh yes, we had some fine times, did Clarence and me; ...... the 
wings on that boy.  And you know what they say a large wing span signifies 
.... 
 Good thing Elpha didn't find out, she would have killed me.
 Of course the house did that first.
 Hey look over there .... don't be too obvious, just cast your eye.
See that Sebalim over there?  He and I had sort of a thing going for a while 
... but then I found out that Sebalims are a kind of singing Angel and he's in 
a heavenly choir.  THAT was why he practised ALL the time.  He was great in 
the clouds, but I value my silence more.
 I'm sort of dating a guard angel now... that's why I spend so much time in 
the Pearly Gate parking lot.  He's on duty there quite a bit.  He doesn't say 
much, but he's got a wing span that is ...well I don't want to brag. 
We're meeting in some heavy duty cloud cover in ..... oh just a few minutes .. 
gotta run.

Witches -  (Macbeth)

- all on stage - Ethal is doing preparing some kind of food, the others are 
just getting in the way ... they may have to move tables and chairs etc. Note: 
throughout the scene the three characters switch from talking to each other to 
talking to the audience.

M - I'm Merideth - the pretty one and I ..... I tempt men. (looks at self) - 
well I USED to tempt men.

C - (referring to self) Carolyn "the clever one" - I prophesize

E - Ethel ..... (thinks a moment) the ..... other? one? I ... um....... I 
..... um.....

C - you do what you're told - or did, in the old days

E - Unfortunately .... We're from

Together - as if it is a secret - The Scottish play

M - we're also known as

Together - each with a different take on the term - the weird sisters ...

M - (refering to E's food) Well this takes one back ... but I don't do the 
complicated stuff these days.

E - you never did much in the way of cooking

M - when I was young there was always something on the fire. My favourite was a 
potion ... now let's see ….. I think it was …
Eye of newt, and toe of frog,
Wool of bat, and tongue of (at a loss for words)

C - tongue of dog,
Fillet of a fenny snake, 
In the cauldron boil and bake
Adder's fork, and blind-worm's sting,? I left that part to Ethel

E - yah, leave the icky bits to Ethel

C Lizard's leg, and howlet's wing,--?

M - I haven't thought of that potion in years ….. mmmm …..

E - I never think of those old recipes. I usually just drive though McDonalds 
these days.

C - well that's looking quite good

E - Besides, have you ever tried to fillet a fenny snake? Slippery little 
buggers. And the abuse I took … “Ethel, you left in a bone, look, there are 
two in this piece. You really must have a care there, girl!

M - Sometimes they serve up a good cauldron stew on Solstice Days, but it 
isn't as good.

C - You can't get newts of any quality now a days anyway; probably something to 
do with global warming,

M - they have a tendency to be less firm, more chewy. Nothing tastes the same.

E - the things those two put me through …. I remember returning with a 
dragon scale one day …

C - you know, it's hard to get a good cauldron these days the metal isn't right 
(Ethel tries to interect)… takes years to get the proper scum adhering to it 
......(Ethel tries to interject). I pity those poor witches starting out now 
…I really do....

E - (with an "excuse me, I was talking expression) and it wasn't until I was 
about to add it that one of them said “hang on … this is a scale from a 
dragon's wing … if you want a truly potent soup, you have to use a belly 
scale. Off you go, girl, we'll wait here while you fetch it."

(a moment of silence ... they haven't been together for a while)

C - (rubs her hands and her thumbs …)
drat .. the old thumbs are pricking again. When I was young I thought it was An 
Important Portent … but I met a wonderful doctor who is an expert on immune 
systems and I'm almost always symptom free now. As long as I take my 
medication, of course.

M - Those were heady years.

E - Really .. I don't miss those apprentice days at all, I tell you.

C - killing swine

E - finding enough newt eyes

M - forging thunder

E - those damn fenny snakes

M - withering interesting parts of men

E - milking toads for venom

C - drying up cows milk

E - pulling the wool off those stupid bats.

M - and we were famous

C - in our way

M - Of course, Mr. Shakespeare got it wrong, but, to be fair, we did play with 
the story a bit. The man was so gullible!

C - Remember? The two of us (remembers Ethel was there too) the three of us 
taking turns and telling him the most outrageous tales and he would just nod 
his head sagely and write his notes.

M - We couldn't believe it when that play of his was such a hit.

E - AND he never offered us any credit or a share of the take. Or any 
royalties. That's the English for you .. very mean.

C - Oh Ethel, you were always gullible. What did you expect? I never did trust 
that Mr. Shakespeare one bit – he was too nosey by half.  But Macbeth!

E – Macbeth?

M – Macbeth. I remember the first time we saw him. We were gathered for our 
spa weekend …

E - Oh yes, we were on our spa weekend. Well their spa weekend, I didn't have 
much time for anything then … “fetch the water, Ethel”, “build up the 
fire, Ethel”, “Did you bring the Moon Eclipse Cream for our feet, Ethel?”


C – I had been busy killing swine and Meredith was cursing a sailor's wife 
who hadn't shared her chestnuts. She didn't have enough goat gall to conjure up 
a really good wind, so I was giving her some of mine .

E – that was the first time I tried to conjure wind

M – and Ethel tried to give me some wind but made the same old stupid mistake 
…. I was popping tums for weeks …... anyway, suddenly, there in the 
clearing were these men. Rather dishy men, I will say. You know I always had a 
fancy for men in the mist – they remind me of .. gorillas.

E – Oh yes, these men appeared and they looked at us and called us horrible 
hags! Meredith was quite upset … she's always been the pretty one!

M – They spoiled it by using the “h” word. I mean, I know I was between 
perms, but there was really no need to be rude.

C - “Hag” they called us. I knew that Meredith would never let that one go.

M – Well, you don't call me a hag and get away with it. I was about to blast 
him. Turning him into a toad would have been too good for the lout. I was 
thinking of making him one of those bacteria that cause stomach flu. See how he 
felt about being sent through the gastrointestinal track.  But Carolyn just 
shakes her head. She's more subtle than that.

C – I don't care what people say about me, but we couldn't have Meredith 
upset, it would have spoiled our nice weekend. I was really looking forward to 
trying those centipede compresses for my eyes

E - (as an aside) and to not having to gather any ingredients or brew any 
potions. She had me to do it for her.

C - But you can't relax if you are stuck in a forest with an ageing witch who 
is bemoaning her loss of looks. We needed to distract her.  We really didn't 
care how we did it. And you can always count on a nervy man's vanity. I planted 
a few suggestions and I had Macbeth hooked .. wanting to see how things came 
out. A little bit like “who shot JR” - but with more castles and mist.

E – I have to hand it to Carolyn, you're the mistress of suggestion. 
Prophesized to Macbeth that he'll be king. Prophesized to Banquo that he'll 
father kings. And all with this mysterious persona. Watching  you was amazing. 
Without make up or props, you just stooped a bit and became this grisly old 
thing. You really should be on stage.

C - so I hunched up a bit, dropped my voice and got all dramatic and started 
hailing him ... "All hail, Macbeth! hail to thee, thane of Glamis! "

M – Carolyn can be inspired sometimes. And she's so efficient. We didn't have 
to curse him, or go to all the trouble of turning him into a tadpole, or make 
up a potion ... you just planted some suggestions and watched all those men 
start fighting and murdering each other. I don't know how you do it ... it 
really is a gift.

C – (in an aw shucks kind of way) Yes ... well I am proud of my small part in 
it. Macbeth was dense but in the wrong way.

The moment I saw them I realized that it would all end in disaster. There is, 
after all, a reason that the monarchy is hereditary. You need a special kind of 
stupidity to be a monarch …. something bred in the bone.

The typical commoner has an imagination. “What will happen if the crops don't 
do well this year?” “My family will starve.”

Kings don't have the imagination to envision failure; its an innate genetic 
deficiency . Ask a king “what will happen if you lose this battle” and 
he'll answer “but, good woman, we will not. We will ride on to glorious 
victory”

Stupid, all of them. No imagination. 

Macbeth wasn't cut out to be king. Too nervy, too much imagination.

E - well he was certainly rude to us. We are not "black and midnight hags"

M - Its not as if Lady Mac was any great shakes. Nose was waaaaayyyy too long 
and she had that sort of inbred horsey look. Nervous type. Constantly nattering 
at him, apparently. It was her idea to get Macbeth to kill the king.” 
Unstable, that's what she was. Well, she topped herself, didn't she? After all 
that you would think that he's appreciate a woman with a bit more flesh, with a 
bit of …. earth mother to her.

C - well, he did get a nudge from us

E – hey, don't blame me! I was only an apprentice. I hadn't gotten to the 
chapter on “predicting the future” yet. If people say that the witches lead 
Macbeth on to kill Duncan , I can only say that it was you two.

C – Now Banquo was another case. Stupidity itself. No wonder we saw that he'd 
spawn future kings. He had no imagination. For example, he sees the King has 
been murdered, he knows of the predictions. Does he think, “maybe Macbeth had 
a hand in this”? No, he gives his sword to his son because he's having bad 
dreams. An idiot, just right for fathering kings to be.

E – you know what gets me with all of this? Lady Mac incites Macbeth to 
murder the king. Banquo suspects but doesn’t' say anything. Macbeth kills 
Banquo and a host of others, and we witches are considered the evil ones of the 
play.

C - Lady Mac is mad, Banquo is a poor ghost, and Macbeth is a tragic hero.

M - All we did is eat a few toads eyes and a bit of bat wool.

E - I suspect it's the environmentalists behind all this.

(takes snake off headpiece or apron and adds to salad)

Ladies? Luncheon is served ....






Brangomar – (Snow White)

Brangomar enters into her boudour.  Her mirror is in front of us (on the forth 
wall) and she moves to and from it at times. She has obviously been to a state 
event and wears a crown and earrings etc. which she takes off as she speaks. 


Brangomar – Queen of the Talking Mirror, and the best of step-mothers.  Ask 
Snow White – she'll tell you.  I was the best.
	
OK, OK, maybe that story has a glimmer of truth in it.  I'll admit that.  I'll 
even concede that I may have devised a way to get Snow White our of the palace 
for a bit.  But wicked?  Oh come on!  You try to live with all that sickly 
sweetness.  It may be charming at first ... but after a while, you just want to 
wipe that smile off her face.  You want a ... tiny snit ... a bit of a sulk ... 
or even a peevish, resentful adolescent silence, if only for a minute.

I remember her as a 3 year old.  I think that's how old she was when I married 
her father.  Three.  “What a delightful little girl,” I recall thinking. 
“that coal black hair, that now white skin.  She's going to be a beauty.”

And she was beguiling, as she ran around in her little pink princess frocks, 
her lacy white socks and her Mary Janes.  Always smiling; always singing.  In a 
child those are lovely traits.

It was when she became a teen that I started to worry about her.  No bad skin, 
no mood swings, no temper ... just those damn frill frocks and a tendency to 
dance her way around the palace – as if she were sprinkling fairy dust on 
everyone she met.  Someone that perpetually cheerful tends to look mad.

I'm not vain, you know – not like the story says.   And it's not as if I am 
the only one in the kingdom with a talking mirror.  It's just one of those 
strange phenomena that pops up from time to time in magical kingdoms.
	
Legend has it, some wizard's apprentice, long ago, was learning to energize a 
broomstick, and the spell ricocheted off a stone and fell into a mirror.  As 
you know, all mirrors are interconnected, so when one started to babble, they 
all began to chatter.  It took them some years to learn how to talk properly 
... but now, you have a mirror in this kingdom, it speaks.
	
I was a looker when I married the king. I really was.  I'm sure you can see 
that.  But I'm getting older and I work hard to keep fit.  An hour a day in the 
gym, day in and day out.  No exceptions.  My mirror and I have a kind of 
routine we go through.  At the end of each session, when I'm hot and sweaty, 
and all my muscles are screaming, I lean over and mutter “mirror, mirror on 
the wall, who's the fairest of them all?  ... and depending on his whim, the 
mirror gives me a sweet or a smart-ass reply.  We go back a long way, my mirror 
and I.  We understand each other.

So, it's completely false that I was angry when the mirror answered “Snow 
White” one spring morning.  Hell, if I were angry about that, I'd be sending 
hit men after ... Cher, Madonna ... and the little gal who runs the doughnut 
shop at the edge of town.

But I do admit that Snow White did get on my nerves.  While my mirror and I 
were working out, Snow White was sitting in front of hers and the two of them 
were singing duets.  All it needed was an adorable mouse or a talking cricket 
to join them for a truly gag-making moment.  Once Mr. Bluebird is sitting and 
singing on a shoulder, there is no recourse ... short of a sledge hammer.

I never asked a woodsman to take her into the forest and kill her!  But is was 
a nice spring morning and I thought it would do her good to have a bit of a 
scare.  “Take her into the woods and lose her for a while,” I told him.  
“Let her see what it's like to be cold, lost and hungry for a day.”  ... I 
never dreamed that the little miss would immediately be rescued by a crew of 
dwarfs.

But hey, that didn't seem to be so awful either.  I mean, dwarfs have a bit of 
a reputation you know.  I thought it might be enlightening for her to be 
shacked up with a bunch of randy little men for a bit.  At the very least they 
would expect her to cook and clean, and, I mused, provide a bit of the rumpy 
bumpy as well ... But No.  Sweet Snow White landed in a cottage with seven 
apparently asexual and unusual dwarfs.  I mean. The guys whistle while they 
work.  Completely abnormal, I would have thought.

Still, it was nice to have her out of the palace for a few weeks.  Refreshing.  
No incessant singing. No relentless cheerfulness or perpetual Pollyanna dances 
in the courtyard every afternoon.  No sweet little animals helping her tie her 
scarves or hold up her skirts as she skipped around the pond.  Everyone in the 
castle felt they could relax and be normal for a change. 
	
Now it is entirely untrue that I dressed up as an apple peddler to bring Snow 
White a poisoned apple.  Firstly, I wouldn't have anything appropriate in my 
wardrobe and secondly, it wouldn't have worked. The likelihood of me being able 
to talk with her and not be recognized is about as likely as one of those 
operas where the men put on masks to flirt with their wives, and aren't 
discovered until the last act.  Personally, I'd think the second they opened 
their mouths they'd give themselves away ... Too bad really.  If opera were 
true to life, it would be over by Act 1, Scene 2.

No, I never meant to poison Snow White.  But I'd heard rumours that she was 
preparing to come home and I just couldn't face all that cheerful ignorance 
again.  I decided to ..... put her to sleep for a little while, until I could 
figure out a way to keep her from coming back ... Not too hard, actually, to 
lace an apple with a roofie, and have it delivered by a peasant.  I thought of 
it as a ... time out; until I could make other arrangements.

Do you know how much organization it took to have a glass case just happen to 
be available for the dwarfs to store the sleeping princess?  Or how much 
scheming it took to get the prince over for a visit and to convince him to go 
hunting on precisely the right day in exactly the proper vicinity? ... Well, 
I've always been clever.

They married almost immediately and went to live in his kingdom.  We visit once 
a year and I have to say I feel so sorry for the prince's mother.  I can see it 
in her eyes; the desperation that living with a clueless Pollyanna brings. 
Still, better her than me.

And now I visit the dwarfs frequently.
Turns out they actually are a rather randy bunch.
They just prefer older women.


END OF ACT 1
Magda (Hansel and Gretel) 

(the *'s represent a personal repeating trait.  I envision this as a sniff, or 
a "tsk" sound that is a habit for the character.  It is up to the actor to 
devise what works for her)


Magda.. Magda of the forest  *   ....... *...

I bake houses of gingerbread, beautiful houses. 

*
And sometimes,
sometimes I roast childrens

* .... *

Well I do not know why you are sitting there like that, just looking at me
I have absolutely nothing to say.
*
nothing.
*
A woman of my age, here,
It is unheard of.   Attempted murder .. so stupid, so very, very stupid.
*
It is not as if there were not signs, clear for all to see.
"Please do not eat the gingerbreads"
"Trespassers will be roasted" 

And not just one or two -  all round.   You go back to the forest and see - 
they are everywhere

Ahhhh .... with all the publicitys there are probably none left.  Souvenir 
hunters will have taken them. Whole cottage has probably been eaten by now.

Years in the confectionery business, the victim of sticky fingered childrens 
and vandalism and I end up in prison .. there is  no justice in the world.
*

Yes, my family had a little bakery in the east; I grew up with the smell of 
yeast in my nostrils.  

Papa had a way with fruit bread that was unbelievable.  He and mother worked 
all day.  Up early in the morning to set loaves, serving all day in shop and 
then mixing special icings.  Whole family was slave to the business.

I was best at gingerbread, wafers, cookies that sort of things.  Always had a 
way with sweets.  A girl made of sugar and spice, that was me.

*
Of course, mother did not often let me serve behind the counter. * I just do 
not have a way with peoples.  The stupid things they ask ..
"is this bread fresh?"
"any egg and milk in this?  I cannot eat eggs"

"then do not come into shop" I tell them, 

Mother said I turned peoples away. *

After they pass I try to run shop on my own but it is too much work for one 
person and I really do not like being with peoples.
*
So I took a big breath, and decided it would be best if I moved away. Spent my 
last days alone, enjoying the peace.

I did not think I would be able to afford it at first.  Have you SEEN the price 
of lumber these days?  But I do not have a way with gingerbread and icings for 
nothing.   

Few trials here. Few trials there. And I make perfect place that could 
withstand the worst of  winter storms.

You do not know bliss, after years of being at call of publics, to have a place 
where I could do as I liked.

I chose place far, far off the trails.  Was perfectly happy by myself, in my 
cozy little house.

When all those hikers started to stumbled across cottage I had premonition that 
things would turn out badly. Oh I could usually scare them away.  I would 
pretend to be witch!  I kept odd looking stick and frightful hat by the door 
just in case.  I would barge out waving one and wearing the other and look very 
mean.

*
really, it was demeaning, but it was all I could think of.  Well, you could 
have used magic .. you do not bake all your life without picking up bit of 
magic .... but whenever I cast a spell I have headache for weeks.  Probably 
some sort of allergy to Latin.  Most of spells I know use Latin.
*
One year I had bad scare.  This cocky young thing arrives and tells me with 
pride that he is researcher for something called Lonely Planet and he would 
include me in latest addition.

“You could open tea shop, make a little money.” he says. "People from all 
over world will find their way to your door"
*
well, I really had no choice, did I?

I turned him into frog. * 

He is probably still somewhere near the well - I lost track of him.  If you 
visit the cottage, he is frog with surprised look on face.  Green.  You cannot 
miss him.
*
I had to take Zomig for weeks afterward .... my head was splitting.


You know what is so unfair about all this?  No one has even investigated 
parents.

No one has questioned fact that they left those childrens in the forest not 
once, but twice.  

No one has considered how difficult it is to be always repairing the 
gingerbread those two were eating.  Look at me, do I look like the kind of 
person who should be on roof, replacing shingles?  At my age?  And I am on a 
fixed income.  It is not as if Royal Icing is cheap to make.
*
Look, you may as well just go away, I said I did not want to talk.
*
really, no comment,
*
no comment at all

*


Gothel  - (Rapunzel)

Listen up, did you hear something?  Oh no .. must be my imagination.

Right, I can talk for a bit, but Rapunzel might need me, so I may have to go.  
Rapunzel's not my daughter exactly, but you could say that I have an interest.

I've known the family for donkey's years .. well I would, wouldn't I, living 
next door and all.  

I've always maintained that good fences make good neighbours, in my case -  
walls, as I do like a  nice walled garden .. the bricks catch the sun, you see, 
and give the place just that much of a head start in the spring ... and I've 
always had a green thumb.

So I can't say that I kept an eye on them, but Randolph, who is a right nosey 
parker, kept me informed about their comings and goings.  He takes a bit of 
exercise every morning you see, flies around the neighbourhood and brings the 
me news.  Randolph's a raven and has been my familiar for ... oh I don't know 
how long, seems like forever.  In the old days witches were supposed to have a 
third teat to suckle their familiars.  Whenever Randolph brings this  up I say 
"no kinky business, you.  Stir yourself and find your own meals."

So Randolph had a tendency to visit the family.  Poor dears didn't know much 
about nutrition you see and apparently there were always a few bangers left 
over or some tinned beans for him to pinch.   

When Rapunzel's mother was expecting the garden thieving really picked up.  The 
husband was always slipping over the walls and worrying my potatoes, but I 
never minded. Goodness knows, I was happy to see them get a few healthy 
vitamins.  

I swear she spent her pregnancy eating egg and chips, egg and chips.  I'd meet 
him in my garden almost every evening, see him slipping the stolen potatoes 
into his pocket and pretending to just be visiting.  "Have some beans" I'd say, 
or "You know, your wife might fancy a nice green salad".

"Oh no, Miss" he's say, "you know we never eat anything green".

Well, the day of the birth I just slipped over to see the child with a bit of 
Rapunzel in my basket.  A nursing mother needs to be well fed.  

"Oh we couldn't eat that, Miss" says the wife, "but it's a right pretty name, 
and we'll give it to the baby."  I was thankful I didn't have radishes in the 
basket that day, or she's have been called "French Breakfast".  And she was an 
ugly little mite, though she did have nice hair, I'll give her that.

Well the next few years were a nightmare.  Those two had no idea about raising 
a child.  Daft as a brush, both of them.  That child would have been dead from 
misadventure many times over if it hadn't been for Randolph. The times he 
pulled her back from the fire, or rescued her from the stream.  My nerves were 
on edge and I dreaded hearing the stories he'd bring back each day.   It made 
my heart bleed.  They weren't cruel, mind you, they just didn't know any better.

There were some days when I thought of bringing her here and looking after her 
myself.  "she wouldn't be a bother" I would think, and then I'd say "Gothel, 
you are MUCH too old to be running a day care, just close your ears."

The poor dear inherited her parent's brains, I'm sorry to say.  When she 
started school things weren't any better.  Children can be so cruel, they 
teased her so.  I'd hear her on the other side of the wall trying to work on 
her sums and making a mess of it, so I'd invite her over, and give her tea and 
try to instill a few crumbs of the basics into her.  I also gave her some 
grooming lessons.    What she didn't have in brains she made up for in hair, 
I'll give her that, so I showed her how to braid, and dug out a few old frock 
of mine so she's have something decent to wear.  

When she was thirteen I finally had to put my hand in.  


As I say, she wasn't too bright .. and one day, while she was visiting and I 
was wrestling with that huge mass of hair, she says, innocent as anything, 
"that boy Chester, at school, the one who's 16?  He says he'll bring me a 
sweetie tomorrow"

"Oh, really, " I say, "and why is that?"

"He says if I go into the woods with him he'll give me a sweetie".

An innocent.

Well, I wasn't going to let that baby start having babies, so I marched over to 
the parents and informed them that I was going to start a school of my own, 
that very day, and that Rapunzel was to be my only student.  Then I installed 
her in the tower, with books, pretty clothes, and a few toys.

I thought she'd be bored in a month and be hungry for a bit of learning.  I 
thought she'd find the secret passage.  Any girl with a bit of brains would 
have seen the different coloured stones in the corner and would have gone to 
investigate ... to explore.  Push any one of 15 stones in that area and a 
stairway reveals itself.  I kept hoping she'd find it, show a bit of initiative 
... but she never did.

We had this silly game.  When I went up to teach her ever morning I would stand 
below the window and chant "Rapunzel, Rapunzel, let down your hair, and I will 
climb the golden stair". and she'd let down her braid and I would pretend to 
climb up.  Didn't of course; I just levitated my way up, but she didn't catch 
on.  

It was as if someone had cast a spell to make learning slid off her, as if she 
were made of Teflon.  I despaired, I really did.  I still do.

There were times over the years, when she felt constrained in the tower.  I 
tried to use those as teaching moments.

"I'm tired of being in this old ruin" she would sulk  "I want down from here"

"Well, let's think," I would say, "how would you go about getting down?"

I thought, if she ever figured out she could chop off that braid of hair and 
use it as a rope it would be a beginning.  I even took to giving myself a trim 
every few months, letting her see me snip off the hair in the tower, hoping 
she's make the connection.  I left scissors around everywhere.   It was like 
flogging a dead horse .. no reaction at all.

About five months ago she started complaining that her dresses were getting too 
tight.  I didn't take any notice at first,  then I realized the girl was up the 
spout ... going to have a baby.

That Chester isn't stupid.  

He'd had her let down her hair and attached a silk rope to it.  She kept it in 
the back of her closet and he visited her at night, with those sweeties.  It 
had been going on for years .... and of course she had to get caught some time. 
 Poor, silly fool.

He's gone now.  When he found out there was a baby on the way, he discovered 
that he was far too busy to visit anymore.  I really can't figure out if she's 
missing him or the sweets.

It will be any time now.  I'm keeping close, as I don't know how she's going to 
deal with the labour.  I just hope the baby gets his brains.

Listen? Did you hear something?
 Lilith 
People call me Lilith, but I prefer the term "First Woman" because I WAS the 
first. Before Eve, before children, almost before the Garden.  Look, here's 
what they write about me.  

(Reading from a Bible type book) 
“Now, God had set Adam to name every beast – and when they past in pairs 
before him Adam, being jealous of their loves, cried: 'Every creature but I has 
a proper mate', and prayed God would remedy this injustice. 
“God then formed Lilith, the first woman, just as He had formed Adam. But 
Adam and Lilith never found peace together; for when he wished to lie with her, 
she took offence.  'Why must I lie beneath you?' she asked. 'I was made from 
dust, and am your equal.' “Because Adam tried to compel her obedience by 
force, Lilith, in a rage, uttered the magic name of God, rose into the air and 
left him.” 

Ah, men - such drama queens! It wasn't like that at all.  Hell, I quite like 
recumbent positions ... on certain days of the week.  And the time lines are 
all wrong too. They just don't pay attention to detail when they write those 
sweeping blockbusters.

You know, sometimes I feel I have a lot in common with the first Mrs. Ronald 
Reagan. Sometimes I wonder if she's sorry she didn't stay the distance - do the 
Smiley First Lady thing. Then I come to my senses and figure she was just 
grateful to have gotten away from that pompous windbag before it was too late.

It's not particularly fun to have one's name linked with Demons and Succubae 
but it's not a disaster either, and let's face it, Eve's life was no picnic. 
Having to put up with that lout, and then being blamed for all of the sins of 
the world. I'd rather be known as a sexual predator.

She was a smart cookie, was Eve.  Discovered quickly that Adam wasn't all that 
big in the brains department and he had no imagination whatsoever. When she 
appeared he had probably named about 20 of the animals of the earth. And he 
wasn't too original. 

“Adam”, Eve would say, gently, in that honeyed way, “Great Beast with 
Yellow Fur” could mean a lot of animals. Maybe we, I mean you, could come up 
with something a bit snappier.” 

After a significant amount of thinking he'd come up with “Great Beast with 
Yellow Fur and Ruff?” 

“Better”, she'd say brightly, “But how about … um “Lion”? It has a 
nice ring to it. Oh, my dear, you are so clever … and the “Small Round 
Platter Animal” could be called “Turtle”.“

“Tall Plant with Spiky Arms?” “Cactus”. 

Oh God in Heaven! The dance she did to make him think they were all his ideas. 
You can always spot the animals Adam named.... grass-hopper, star-fish, 
stick-bug, wood-pecker.  As I say, no imagination, and, man - he was a lot of 
work. 

Whenever she needed some down time, she'd come visit me. Oh yes. We'd get 
together for mead a couple of times a year when the boys were out hunting, for 
sacrifices or some macho thing. We got along well. We both knew the stresses of 
living with Adam, didn't have to talk about it, or if she did, I understood 
completely.  Every detail.  And we spent lots of time together … I was her 
refuge, where she could … relax, chill.  The place where there were no 
expectations, no “Shoulds”. And we had a lot in common. We both experienced 
the loss of our children. 

Well, of course I had children – those Demons can be very attractive, you 
know! But I lost most of them. You see, I was cursed when I refused the 
Angels’ polite “suggestion” that I return to the Garden. I was holidaying 
here at the Red Sea at the time. I informed them I wouldn't entertain the 
notion until I'd had a few weeks of R and R.  And then Adam and I would have to 
sit down with an independent party before I would even consider a 
reconciliation. But no – instead of giving my side any thought, the Angel 
just - cursed me. Told me that, because of my “insubordination”, I was 
destined to see hundreds of my children, and my children's children, die each 
year.

Lucky I was never very maternal. 

I never actually raised a child ... just carried and delivered them and handed 
them back to the Demon. “You were happy enough to play”, I'd say, “Now 
it's your turn to work. Believe me labour is called labour for a reason and 
I've done my part.”

But Eve wasn't like that … she lived for her children. She aged so much after 
she lost Abel. He was the gentlest of the boys; I liked him best. I remember, 
when he was a teen.  Eve would sometimes bring him when she came to visit... 
get him away from the more brutal of his brothers. 

After Eve lost Abel; after the “unfortunate incident” which is what she 
always called it; her heart was broken.  I don't know how she managed to deal 
with Cain from then on.  I said to her, “What you need is a complete change.  
Come and live with me. You can even bring your children if you must. Leave the 
Garden and cranky old Adam and start fresh.”

But she wouldn't. Said the children needed a father.  “He won't even miss 
you.” I said, “He'll be too busy talking with Satan.”  I don't know why 
those two were such great buddies. I mean, Satan is a clever boots. But 
insecure. Very insecure. I suppose once you mount a rebellion and lose, you 
always know that you're not quite good enough.  So He just kept Adam around to 
make Himself feel superior.  Which wasn't difficult, let me tell you.

That's when Eve started to self-medicate. I swear. I was there. I saw it 
happening.

I'm not sure how she figured out how to conjure a still, but after a while, no 
fruit tree in the Garden was immune. When God got wind of it he said “No more 
fruit.” Pfft. Oh, that woman could make alcohol out of anything. I'll never 
forget trying her Cowslip wine. That last time she visited, it was all she 
brought.  Cowslip Wine. And her tears. Still, her Apple was the best by far.  
At first she would just pick a few here and there so they weren't missed … 
but, addiction grows. Pretty soon even a blind God would have figured it out. 
So he sent them out of the Garden, thinking she would sober up and get clean.

Never happened. 

And I do miss her.

Me?  Oh, I pretty much stick around the Red Sea these days. I mean, it's been 
my home for so long. Of course, I still visit Innocents some nights. One can't 
be a Succubus for that many years and stop cold turkey. But I have to admit 
that I'm no longer even a Cougar ...  I'm definitely in the “Dragon” 
category these days.  Which makes me sometimes think “Eeeuuuuwww”. 

And Demons aren't around as much as they once were, are they?

But I do like my view. I spend a lot of my time looking at my view. 





Carabosse (Sleeping Beauty)

Ok, let's get this part over with
Carabosse, not Maleficent...fairy godmother ..... 
Cursed Beauty at her christening. Said she would die by the prick of a spinning 
wheel on her 16th Birthday?
Some other fairy changed death to sleeping for 100 years, so Beauty became 
Sleeping Beauty. 

They all say I was an evil Fairy Godmother, a Wicked one, but I just say Fairy 
Godmother, full stop.

Look ... we all know I was not at my best the day the Beauty was christened. 
And I know that it took me a while to figure that out ..... time ..... and a 
whole lot of sessions with my therapist. So we've covered all that, okay? No 
need to belabour it .. .... no need to deal with family expectations and anger 
issues and the like. Been there, done that.
I used to lie in bed thinking of all the people in the world who hadn't been 
good to me and having really good fantasies of how their lives wouldn't go. In 
my perfect fantasy world, I was happy … and everyone else was dead.
But after some therapy, I've come to change my mind about that … a bit.
I never was good at people, you see. When you are a fairy godmother you don't 
get the choice. No one says “go out there and find someone you really connect 
with.” No, they have a roster, and they hand you a few names, a wand and off 
you go. No training. It's a big consortium; they also run the tooth fairy and 
the sand man franchises. When I joined they almost handed me a ladder and some 
quarters until I figured out I was in the wrong line. That's how much they care.

There's always been something cutesy about those who choose to be fairy 
godmothers. I mean, take the chick who had that Ella girl. She could have 
arrived at the house with a coach and footmen, but she has to be all creative 
and ask for pumpkins and mice. Showy type. When I taxed her with it she says 
“well, you have to use some raw materials, you know, you can't make things up 
out of thin air!”

“ Oh yeah,” I said, “so where did you get those glass slippers?
That fixed her wagon.

Of course, she's the type who always score well on the evaluation sheets the 
clients fill out later. I never do all that well on the evaluations. I'm not 
showy or dramatic. And I'm DEFINITELY not a people person. 

I joined to please my mother; I really wanted to be a chartered accountant 
…but she insisted. “They'll always be a job for fairy godmothers” she 
used to say, “there's always wishing in the world and with this new economic 
downturn, accountants are really going to get bad press. What would people say? 
We won't be able to show our faces in the neighbourhood. You'll shame the 
family. And besides you'll make people happy as a Fairy Godmother! Won't that 
be nice?”. 

Happy? She doesn't know the half of it. Clients are seldom happy. It's the 
sense of entitlement they have that gets me. They find out they have a fairy 
godmother and they start demanding the moon. It's draining, it really is. 

They want three wishes and then try the “my first wish is that I have 
infinite wishes” stuff which they think is so clever. The fine print took 
care of that years ago. Then... they kiss a frog to make a prince and complain 
about his bulging eyes and his clammy skin. There's no pleasing them. And they 
get all huffy. 

“ This relationship just isn't working” they say. 
“ Well tell it to get a paper route then” I’d tell them. Relationships 
don't have to work, they just have to be got through.

But back to Beauty. I knew there had been a mix up the moment I got there. I 
mean, no one gets 12 fairy godmothers. No one. It was probably someone in the 
IT department, playing a joke and forgetting to reset the computer allocations 
later.
Still, I arrived to find 12 invited fairy godmothers and my shrink says my 
issues just rose unbidden; I couldn't help myself! I didn't mean to wish her 
dead, mind you ... but I had been having those fantasies about me being happy 
and things just got out of hand.

The poor thing was just a little lump of white dough anyway, and there they 
were, competing to make her a doll, a perfect doll. Not a woman at all. 
She would be the most beautiful girl in the world, have the wit of an angel. 
She'd be wonderfully graceful, sing like a nightingale, dance elegantly, and 
play all kinds of instruments.

If I'd already been through counselling I might have offered her a body image 
she was comfortable with, or good math skills. But I saw red ... then I saw the 
castle had been done up like a faux peasant cottage with tacky “down home” 
decorations, and there was a spinning wheel in the middle of the ballroom and I 
made that stupid prediction about her pricking her finger and dying.

I guess it's lucky for me that the last fairy godmother hadn't given her gift 
yet. She probably saved me from a few years in prison .. but really, to say she 
would sleep a hundred years and then waken with a kiss. Showy, like all of them.
Did she have any idea of the difficulty that girl would have? One hundred years 
is a long time. Society changes.
I made sure I was around when the prince slashed through all those vines and 
kissed the girl. You have to give him credit ... the people were all frozen, 
but the rest of the castle wasn't and place hadn't been cleaned in 100 years. 
The rat shit alone was enough to warn almost anyone off....and the smell... not 
for the faint of heart.

They got married immediately, it was all so romantic. The paparazzi was hot on 
their heels, but it wasn't a happy match, not even in the beginning.

You see, Beauty hadn't been given intelligence. It takes a fine and flexible 
mind to make the jump of 100 years. She was stuck in old fashioned mode and all 
the “hey nonnie, nonnie” songs she could sing and all the quadrilles she 
could dance didn't make up for the fact that she and the prince had no common 
interests or history. She'd never heard of Starbucks or Justin Beiber or 
Facebook! Other girls her age thought she was a freak, and the world in general 
doesn't look kindly on a 16 year old marrying, even if it is into monarchy. 

Of course they put on a good face in public, but it's pretty terrible in the 
privacy of the castle I hear. No one in the castle wants anything to do with 
her, so it seems...(laugh) ...it seems that she's taken up spinning and 
weaving. She's pretty much the pet of the “back to the earth, let's make all 
our own shapeless, home spun clothes” industry. But she doesn't know a thing 
... hadn't even seen a spinning wheel until her 16th birthday. Still, she's 
photogenic and demure and she does what she's told. 
After that, I wasn't allowed any more clients. The consortium tried to cut me 
loose, but I hadn't signed just any contract with them … I'd read the small 
print and I knew my rights. So, they put me in finance.
I'm head of the accounts department now... and, they say, not to be confused 
with a member of the human race. 
Now that makes me happy.

Wolfgang (Red Riding Hood) 
revised December 2014 
Come in my darlings, come in … excuse me for not getting up … I just don't 
have a lot of energy these days. 
Do make yourself comfy over there - just pull things up. 
Oh puh-leeze be careful of my Italian glass there, it's a gift from a special 
friend … wouldn't want an accident now, would we? 
Cup of tea? No? Well you don't mind if I go on with mine now, do you? Lapsang 
Souchong … always been my favourite.

Oh — I remember now, you're here for that dreary little story about the wood 
cutter, and the red hooded girl aren't you?  Very well, children, make 
yourselves comfortable. Cozy? Good. Well, this is nice, isn't it? Just us girls 
together. 
As I told the courts, it wasn't a burglary or a home invasion. Can you see me 
all dressed in dreary black and picking a lock? Preposterous. It was merely an 
exploratory excursion into some very fine linens. 
I don't know why everything went sideways on me that day. I had it all planned 
out so well; being spring and everything. Grandma had done her spring cleaning, 
you see, and I'd seen all her lovely, lovely nighties out on the line all 
washed and fresh. 
Anyway, on the day in question, I stole through the forest and arrived at 
Grandma's door rather mid-morning. I entered to find her in bed. 
"Grandma!", I said, "what are you doing in bed? It's Thursday, senior's day at 
Wendy’s." 
“Wolfgang! I thought it was Wednesday", she says. 
"No, Thursday," says I, "now you get yourself dressed and hurry down there. 
Wouldn't want to miss all that free coffee now, would you?" 
Actually it was Wednesday, but I needed her out of the house. I would have done 
my — um — exploring, on a Thursday, as Grandma is always out at Wendy's on 
Seniors Day, but she has a girl in on those days. I just wanted everyone out of 
the way for an afternoon, and no interruptions. 
Anyway, never one to waste the opportunity to save a dollar, Grandma hops out 
of bed and pretty soon I see her hobbling down the lane on her walking-stick, 
off to town to take advantage of all that free caffeine. I figured I'd have the 
whole afternoon to myself — oh, lovely, lovely thought. 
The first thing I did was strip all those nasty polyester/cotton sheets off the 
bed and put on Grandma's Egyptian cotton ones — you can feel quality — and 
then I went to the cedar chest and just salivated. Really there was an 
embarrassment of choice. Silk nighties with Venetian lace, peignoirs by Dior, 
and cutest little bustiers.  It took some time to decide. 
I settled on a little silk number, with peek-a-boo lace and small pearl 
buttons, a little off-the-shoulder tease — oh, just thinking about the silk 
against my fur makes me growl with pleasure — and I made myself a cup of tea 
with Grandma's very best Royal Albert and climbed into her bed. 
I've always loved nice things about me and no matter how many votives one uses, 
a wolf den is still a wolf den … just has no panache!  I just sipped my tea 
and luxuriated in those sheets and felt that exquisite lace against me. Such a 
beautiful memory. 
Well, after a while I began to get a bit peckish and went out to see what 
Grandma had in her cupboards. Nothing of quality, and I was thinking I'd have 
to make do with a nice cup of really strong coffee and some Peek Freans, when I 
heard someone at the door. 
"Granny, Granny, are you home?" 
It was that little Red Riding Hood brat. I almost made up my mind to bolt the 
door and not let her in, when it came to me that she might have something good 
to eat in that basket of hers— so, I snuggled back into bed and pulled up the 
sheets. 
The little brat let herself in immediately and started to prattle. What is it 
about children that they think their stories are the least bit interesting? The 
child wandered about, tracking in dirt. I kept as still as possible, hoping 
she'd just leave the basket and go, that I could convincingly fake a coma, but 
eventually she realized that there wasn't a response and came up to the bed. 
"Granny" she said, "what big eyes you have" 
"The better to see you with, my dear" I croaked, thinking "go away! go away!" 
"Granny", she said, "what big ears you have" 
"Hasn't your mother told you not to make personal remarks, young lady?" I 
snapped, but young people are so self absorbed. 
"Granny," she said, "what big teeth you have", and she actually poked my 
bicuspid, cheeky little minx. 
"GET OUT OF THIS HOUSE AND LET ME HAVE A BIT OF QUIET" I yelled at her, and she 
dropped the basket and ran. 
Now you know there are all those wild stories about wolves eating babies and 
children, but really, can you see me doing anything like that? I mean, they're 
so sticky. Well, maybe, with a bit of marinating, after being rubbed with 
garlic and sprinkled with oregano — probably taste just like chicken … but 
a lot more trouble — no, I don't think I'd bother. 
Anyway, I was just exploring the basket, (chocolate eclairs, very nice), and 
thinking of brewing myself some really strong coffee, when the door crashed 
open and filling the doorway was the hunkiest woodcutter I had ever seen. For a 
moment I thought my day was going to be just perfect! 
"Well, hello, big fellow," I crooned, "want some chocolate? I seem to have an 
eclair here with your name on it. By the way, what is your name?" 
By way of an answer he strode into the room and swung the axe. Such a lovely 
Pembroke table ... that gouge will be in it forever. 
Anyway there was quite a chase, him swinging the axe and me running around the 
furniture, trying to stay out of the way. At one point he knocked over a side 
table. Just NO finesse. 
Well, I was almost to the door at that point but I couldn't help myself. I 
stopped and turned and shouted, "You moron, those are Murano figures you just 
smashed, completely irreplaceable. I hope you're happy … and I hope you can 
convince Grandma not to sue." 
The man must have been an idiot — he looked at me with complete 
incomprehension, and then he came at me with the axe again! One track mind, 
really. 
So it wasn't the lovely day I was planning,  and I haven't been back to see 
Grandma since then, because I'm sure she's a bit cross with me that she was 
required to pay for her coffee at Wendy's that Wednesday. Still it wasn't a 
complete waste of a day. 
You see, I was still wearing that little nightie with the pearls, and even 
though the stains will never come out, in all the confusion this teacup got 
hooked to one of the buttons — something I didn't discover until I got back 
to the den. Now, are you sure you don't want any tea? I indulge myself every 
afternoon at just this time …
Lapsang Souchong … just love that smoky flavour … 
Final lines

Characters enter singley into a space not known to them.  They see and but not 
engage with the others in the room, though each of them carves out their own 
space.

Ethal looks to where there were letters once before.  Being discovered by all, 
she looks up and says:


I'm Ethel, and I'm not an apprentice anymore.   

Meredith - no one calls me a hag and gets away with it

Carolyn - I am not a black and midnight hag

Gingema - I was their sovereign

Bragomar, I visit dwarfs frequently 

Lilith:  I visit Innocents.

Anastaia -  I'm always on her mind.

Delilah. I got the job done 

I am wolfgang, and I trick old ladies."  

Carabosse...I cursed a baby. 

Madga I am a witch

On Magda's line, characters turn to look at her.  Then turn to the audience. 

Smile - referring to themselves all say:

All :  Wicked 

Black

In the black all strike a tableau pose.

Lights back on.... hold pose for 3 sec.

Break

6 front actors form line for bows

step back

5 back actors walk to front for bows

all for one bow

off



